I burst out with laughter when I read this in quora. Most funniest way of proposing a girl! And here it is.
You are a chemistry teacher ?
Have u ever tried 'Carbon' dating ?
Ha ha ha ... I didn't get an eligible and deserving 'carbon' yet.
That's great .
I am unique 'Carbon' atom.
I also yet to do carbon dating.
Basically I am looking for someone who can complete my valence shell . 
I am tetravalent, therefore I make strong covalent bonds (loyal)
I also believe in sharing of electrons (life)
And I can take various allotropic forms.
ohhh.... In that case.
I am already an allotrope majorly Fullerene (committed since 3 years)
And you may also take it like a compound by noble gases (a rare phenomenon but a stable one )
I wish you get another allotrope (a diamond ) to complete your life
I cannot form strong ionic and covalent bonds of love and liking with u but yet we can be Vander Waal's attraction of friendship 
I just asked my boyfriend if I ever did anything creepy
"Do you remember that one time we had some fight and I went to living room to calm down and you stayed in bedroom on your computer?.
Then ten minutes later when I came back to you so we can talk and found you watching youtube video about "top 10 unsolved murder mysteries?"
"Yeah I remember.." 
"I was scared to go sleep that night...."
"You should have.."
You look better than you do in your pics.
Thanks!
How about me? Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
Well that one black and white pic of you is probably really tough to beat.
Oh.
Boyfriend is cooking
I'm walking around the kitchen.
"Life is so impossible to predict" I say, "with its twists and turns and surprises.
What do you think are the chances that we will actually grow old together?"
"Dushka" Boyfriend says, "we're already old."
A married man was visiting his “girlfriend” when she requested that he shave his beard.
“Oh James, I like your beard, but I would really love to see your handsome face.”
James replied, “My wife loves this beard, I couldn’t possibly do it, she would kill me!!”
“Oh please?” the girlfriend asked again, in a sexy little voice…
“Oh really, I can’t,” he replied. “My wife loves this beard!!”
The girlfriend asked once more, and he sighed and finally gave in and shaved his face smooth.
That night James crawled into bed with his wife while she was sleeping.
The wife was awakened somewhat, felt his face and replied, “Oh Michael, you shouldn’t be here, my husband will be home soon!”
You are from IIT?
Yes
My Mom Loves IITians.
I am from Kharagpur.
My mother is Bangali, She loves IIT Kharagpur guys.
If someday your parents throw you out. She will be more than happy to adopt you
Underneath this bowl on the table there is piece of sweet which you have to eat without touching the bowl and u will be selected.
I am sorry sir but with due respect there is nothing underneath the bowl except air because i saw you when you were planning for the activity 
there is a piece of sweet under the bowl and if i am saying so why aren't you believing.
because i know so
what is this then??
done sir and thank you for helping me!!
Sir tell me one thing, is this a US company?
Yes, How did you know?
You are working in night shifts, so I guessed.
Okay.
So, how was your day today?
How many trips you have had so far?
I have had 7 so far.
When I drop you it will be 8.
8*450 = 3600 rs for one day? That's awesome!
Yes sir, If I work hard I can earn close to 50,000 rs in a month.
Woah! That's more than what I earn!
Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
“My wife loves this beard!!”