I burst out with laughter when I read this in quora. Most funniest way of proposing a girl! And here it is.
You are a chemistry teacher ?
Have u ever tried 'Carbon' dating ?
Ha ha ha ... I didn't get an eligible and deserving 'carbon' yet.
That's great .
I am unique 'Carbon' atom.
I also yet to do carbon dating.
Basically I am looking for someone who can complete my valence shell . 
I am tetravalent, therefore I make strong covalent bonds (loyal)
I also believe in sharing of electrons (life)
And I can take various allotropic forms.
ohhh.... In that case.
I am already an allotrope majorly Fullerene (committed since 3 years)
And you may also take it like a compound by noble gases (a rare phenomenon but a stable one )
I wish you get another allotrope (a diamond ) to complete your life
I cannot form strong ionic and covalent bonds of love and liking with u but yet we can be Vander Waal's attraction of friendship 
I just asked my boyfriend if I ever did anything creepy
"Do you remember that one time we had some fight and I went to living room to calm down and you stayed in bedroom on your computer?.
Then ten minutes later when I came back to you so we can talk and found you watching youtube video about "top 10 unsolved murder mysteries?"
"Yeah I remember.." 
"I was scared to go sleep that night...."
"You should have.."
You look better than you do in your pics.
Thanks!
How about me? Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
Well that one black and white pic of you is probably really tough to beat.
Oh.
Boyfriend is cooking
I'm walking around the kitchen.
"Life is so impossible to predict" I say, "with its twists and turns and surprises.
What do you think are the chances that we will actually grow old together?"
"Dushka" Boyfriend says, "we're already old."
A married man was visiting his “girlfriend” when she requested that he shave his beard.
“Oh James, I like your beard, but I would really love to see your handsome face.”
James replied, “My wife loves this beard, I couldn’t possibly do it, she would kill me!!”
“Oh please?” the girlfriend asked again, in a sexy little voice…
“Oh really, I can’t,” he replied. “My wife loves this beard!!”
The girlfriend asked once more, and he sighed and finally gave in and shaved his face smooth.
That night James crawled into bed with his wife while she was sleeping.
The wife was awakened somewhat, felt his face and replied, “Oh Michael, you shouldn’t be here, my husband will be home soon!”
You are from IIT?
Yes
My Mom Loves IITians.
I am from Kharagpur.
My mother is Bangali, She loves IIT Kharagpur guys.
If someday your parents throw you out. She will be more than happy to adopt you
Underneath this bowl on the table there is piece of sweet which you have to eat without touching the bowl and u will be selected.
I am sorry sir but with due respect there is nothing underneath the bowl except air because i saw you when you were planning for the activity 
there is a piece of sweet under the bowl and if i am saying so why aren't you believing.
because i know so
what is this then??
done sir and thank you for helping me!!
Sir tell me one thing, is this a US company?
Yes, How did you know?
You are working in night shifts, so I guessed.
Okay.
So, how was your day today?
How many trips you have had so far?
I have had 7 so far.
When I drop you it will be 8.
8*450 = 3600 rs for one day? That's awesome!
Yes sir, If I work hard I can earn close to 50,000 rs in a month.
Woah! That's more than what I earn!
Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
“My wife loves this beard!!”
I am a guy who likes Justin Bieber and his songs... I dont why you guys hate him so much …
 you'll hate yourself for this as your taste matures smile emoticon
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. 
If you're looking for acceptance, I can tell you won't have it... but what I do have are a very particular lack of skills.
But I'm willing to make an exception for you. If you let this go now, that will be the end of it - I will not look for you, I will not pursue you... but if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you... and I will make you listen to be Bieber until you stab yourself.
Did you call Ben last night?
Yes. I tried to get a hold of him last night, but it was so difficult to get through.
That's strange. Maybe he was on the Net.
That's probably it! No wonder the line was busy all the time! Maybe he ought to get another line.
Or he should get call-waiting.
Hell with college.We are not kids to stay upto 4.30pm.
I think we are not in the kindergarten.
Even in schools they leave at 4 pm.
Every day till 4.30pm and even on saturday!!We can't sit in a class for that long time.
Do you expect us to sit?Are we so called SNISTians in a Engg college or a Hell campuses like Narayana & SriChaitanay?For Our sake please change the Time Table!!!!!!
 Work in the corporate for 2 months. 
You wouldn't mind staying in the college till 7, or even more.
And you should not be a kid to complain and cry about it...!!
 lol...ur confession in vain ! no one’s gonna care whether you sit in da class or not, time table matters
We r event not having time for any physical activity..which leads to sickness afterwards.
See the life of us 4th year people. U would surely get a sigh of relief.
Now write the same thing to Director
There should be a open gate system and every engg.
 student should be treated as gentleman and the working hours be flexible.
 I think this would be sufficient because its sufficient in IIT's and BITS campuses.!
Being autonomous does not give right to screw students freedom!
Who's forcing you to stay till 4:30.... Dude rules are there to be broken !!! itz like u don't bunk at all
Write an article in a newspaper.. these clg administrators will look at it atleast.. 
u know wat the prob is ur seniors who over used the freedom making it tough for u ppl fall this schedule.. and there is no guarantee tht u ppl will not misuse it…
Why didn't you call me yesterday?
 I tried to get a hold of you, but I couldn't get through.
What time did you call?
I tried all morning!
Then I can't understand why you couldn't get through..
I kept getting a busy signal.
Hmmm…
 Is your phone out of order?
What do you mean?
I tried calling you all night, but I wasn't able to get through.
Oh, I was on the phone all night. Sorry about that.
Well, you might wanna add call-waiting to your phone service if you're always on the phone.
I guess so.
What's wrong with your phone, Dale? I tried to call you all night last night.
 I'm sorry. No one was able to get through yesterday. My telephone was disconnected by the phone company.
 What happened? Didn't you pay the bill?
Well...er...I forgot.
I can hardly hear you, Nick!
Oh, we seem to have a bad connection on this phone.
Could you speak up, please?
I'm talking as loud as I can.
I'm going to hang up and call again.
All right!
was depressed and miserable for not getting admissions in better colleges and being the only one among my Inter classmates to join a state level college.
I never appreciated the college much. I always thought that this not the place for me and tried to induce my misery all around.
Unnecessarily troubled the lecturers, never listened to them,made fun of them,ignored them completely and what not.
I was always told that this kind of attitude will get me nowhere.But I  didnt care, always took those comments as a challenge.
In fact I did do well enough to shove it in their face, never had a single backlog through out with a distinction, got placed in an MNC,got an admission from a graduate school and a ticket to US.
But in retrospect , I regret for having behaved the way I did in my B.Tech.Even though as it may appear that I may have proved people wrong, the journey towards success begins now i.e after graduation and nothing else.
So, you never know.
Something bad may really happen eventually.
Always respect lecturers and their opinions in order to have a sound sleep for the rest of your life after B.Tech.
You are always responsible for the outcome of your actions
 Nobody goes to the US with the idea of coming back..atleast majority don't..
The first comment made my day....
Why are you late, Frank?
 Because of the sign.
What sign?
The one that says “School Ahead, Go Slow”.
what is the chemical formula for water?
H I J K L M N O.
 What are you talking about?
Yesterday you said it’s H to O.
All right … I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.
Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?
No sir, I don’t have to, my mom is a good cook.
George Washington not only chopped down his father’s cherry tree, but also admitted it.
Now, Louie, do you know why his father didn’t punish him?
Because George still had the axe in his hand.
Clyde, your composition on “My Dog” is exactly the same as your brother’s. Did you copy his?
No sir, it’s the same dog.
Doctor, I feel like a pack of cards.
I’ll deal with you later.
Everyone keeps ignoring me.
Next please!
Mrs. Jokes next door has a new baby.
What will she do with her old one?
You prayed for grandma, grandpa, and Aunt Sue.
Why didn’t you pray for Uncle John too?
I didn’t want to ask for too much.
I’d like a day without punishing you.
You have my full permission!
I was shipwrecked, and lived on a can of sardines for a week.
My, weren’t you afraid that you’d fall off?
Could I get in trouble if I didn’t do something?
Well, I don’t suppose so.
In that case, I didn’t do my homework.
I'm miss having friends that would just sit with me and be bored with each other. 
There are lots of days where I would just rather hang out with 1 or 2 people and be "lame"…watch movies, share you tubes videos, and all that stuff. 
But everyone I hang out with likes being in a big group whenever they do things and always have to be entertained. 
It's too much for me but sometimes I feel like it's too late to make any other friends since everyone else already found their friends groups..
I hear the word 'GANG' a lot from sub juniors .... My dear friends ur just limiting your space.
I too feel same... 
Hello, may I speak to Mr. Brown?
He just left.
When do you expect him back?
I'm sorry, but he's gone for the day. Would you care to leave a message?
Could you tell him that John Smith called and have him call me back tomorrow?
Sure.
May I have your phone number?
I think he has my number.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. I'll tell him you called.
Hello, May I speak to Mr. John Smith?
I'm sorry.  He's out to lunch.  
Would you like to leave a message?
What time do you expect him back?
He should be back in half an hour.
Thank you!  I'll try back later.
May I have your date of birth and your social security number, please?
Sure!  My date of birth is June 11, 1980.  
My Social Security Number is 554-66-9980.
Thank you very much!  
The earliest day for connection is this Friday. 
Is that OK?
That's fine!
Thanks!
Thank you very much, Mr. Kobluk.  Have a nice day!
How do you want the beef? 
Rare, medium, or well-done?
Well-done.  And easy on the salt, please.
Anything to drink?
Do you have coffee or tea? 
I'd like decaf.
Yes, we have both. 
Which one would you like, coffee or tea?
Iced tea, please.  And easy on the ice.
How are you doing?
 Great. Thanks for asking.
 What can I do for you today?
 I would like to deposit some money.
 Are you depositing cash or a check?
 I want to deposit cash.
 How much are you depositing?
 I would like to deposit $300.
 What account do you want your money in?
 I want to deposit it into my checking account.
 Do you need anything else?
 No. That's all. Thank you.
How are you?
 I'm fantastic!
 What can I help you with?
 I want to make a deposit today.
 Cash or check?
 It will be cash today.
 How much do you want to deposit?
 I need to deposit $300.
 What account will you be depositing this money into?
 Deposit it into my checking account.
 What else can I do for you today?
 That's all I need today. Thanks.
How are things with you?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 How may I help you?
 I need to make a deposit.
 Will you be depositing cash or a check?
 I will be depositing cash.
 How much would you like to deposit?
 It's going to be $300.
 What account would you like to deposit that into?
 Could you deposit that into my checking account, please?
 Can I do anything else for you today?
 That'll be all. Thank you very much.
How are you doing today?
 Great. Thanks.
 What can I do for you today?
 I just have one question.
 What's your question?
 How do I order checks?
 You can order them right now, if you'd like.
 That would be great.
 Just fill out this application.
 Then what?
 Give it about 5 to 7 business days, and you should receive them in the mail.
 Here's my application. Thanks for your help.
How are you?
 I'm fantastic.
 What can I help you with?
 Could you answer a question for me?
 What would you like to know?
 I need to order checks. How do I do that?
 You can do that right now, if you want to.
 Let me do that now.
 I'm just going to need you to fill out this application.
 What do I do next?
 You will receive your checks in the mail in about a week.
 I've finished my application. Thank you so much.
How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 May I help you?
 I have a question.
 Ask away.
 How can I order new checks?
 If you want, you can order some right now.
 I would like to do that right now.
 First, you need to fill out this application.
 What else do I have to do?
 Give it about a week, and you should get your checks in the mail.
 I appreciate your help. Here's my application.
How are you doing today?
 Great. Thanks.
 What can I help you with?
 I would like to open a bank account.
 What kind would you like to open?
 I need a checking account.
 Would you also like to open a savings account?
 That's fine.
 In order to open these accounts, you need to deposit a minimum of $50.
 I want to deposit $300.
 I'll set up your accounts for you right now.
 Make sure to put $150 in each account.
How are you?
 I'm well. Thank you for asking.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to open a bank account.
 What kind of account?
 I just need a checking account.
 You can open a savings account, too.
 All right. Open both.
 You need to deposit at least $50 into both accounts.
 I will be depositing $300 today.
 I will set your accounts up right now.
 Would you please put $150 in both accounts?
How are things with you?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 May I help you with something?
 I want to open a bank account.
 Do you know what kind of account you want to open?
 I want to open a checking account.
 You should also open a savings account.
 That would be great.
 To open these accounts, you will need to make a deposit of at least $50.
 I would actually like to deposit $300 today.
 Let me do that for you now.
 Please put $150 in each account for me.
How are you doing?
 Great. Thanks.
 May I help you with something? 
 I would like to transfer some money.
 Where would you like to transfer money from?
 Take it from my savings account.
 Where would you like the money transferred?
 I want it transferred into my checking account.
 How much would you like to transfer?
 I would like to transfer $200.
 Will that be all today?
 That's it for today. Thank you.
How are you today?
 Very well.
 Do you need help with something?
 I need to make a transfer.
 What account would you like to transfer the money from?
 I want to transfer money from my savings account.
 Where do you want the money to go to?
 I want the money to be transferred into my checking account.
 How much money are you going to transfer today?
 $200 will be fine.
 Is that all I can do for you today?
 I won't be needing anything else.
How's everything with you today?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to transfer money.
 Do you know which account you want to take the money from?
 From my savings account.
 Where are you transferring the money to?
 I would like it transferred to my checking account.
 How much?
 I want to transfer $200.
 Will that be all?
 Yes. That will be all.
What can I help you with today?
 I have a problem.
 What is the problem?
 I wrote a check for $100 and it bounced.
 Do you have enough money in your account?
 I think so.
 Let me check that for you right now.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Apparently there is only $57 left in your account.
 You can't be serious!
 That's what my records show.
 I see. Thanks for your help.
How may I help you?
 There's a problem with my check.
 What problem?
 My check for $100 bounced.
 Are you sure you have $100 in your checking account?
 I thought I did.
 I'll check for you.
 Thank you very much.
 It looks like you only have $57 left in your account.
 That can't be right!
 That's what my computer is showing.
 All right. Thank you very much.
What can I do for you?
 I have a problem with this check.
 What's wrong?
 I wrote out a check for $100 and it bounced.
 Do you have enough money in your checking account?
 I believe so.
 Give me a moment, and I'll check.
 All right. Thanks.
 You only have $57 left in your checking account.
 That's impossible.
 I'm sorry, but that's what our records show.
 Okay. Thanks. Have a nice day.
How are you doing today?
 Great. Thank you.
 What can I do for you?
 I need to withdraw some money.
 How much would you like to take out?
 I need to withdraw $300.
 Which account would you like to take the money from?
 I want to take it from my checking account.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 No. That'll be all.
How are you?
 I'm fabulous. 
 What can I help you with?
 I need to make a withdrawal.
 How much are you withdrawing today?
 I need $300.
 What account would you like to take this money from?
 Take it from my checking account.
 Here's your $300.
 Thank you so much.
 Will you be needing anything else?
 That's it for today.
How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
 What did you need?
 I would like to make a withdrawal.
 How much money would you like to withdraw?
 I want to take out $300.
 Which account are you making this withdrawal from?
 I want it taken from my checking account.
 All right, here is your $300.
 Thanks a lot.
 Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
 No. That's everything. Thank you.
I need help with the office party.
 Yes, of course. We could split it. What part would you like to do, the food or the entertainment?
 I have no idea what the entertainment should be.
 Let's make sure we are on the same page. Do we want a formal or informal gathering?
 Let's make it a formal affair.
 Yes, that would be best. Now, for food should we have Chinese or American food?
 American food would be the best choice.
 That would be great. What kind of music would you like, a band or recorded music?
 We should bring in a really good DJ.
 That works for me. Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday.
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party?
 I would be happy to help. What would you like me to help with, food or entertainment?
 I would like to help you with both.
 That will work out fine. To make sure everything goes together, do you think this party should be casual or dressy?
 A dressy party would be fun!
 That will work out fine. Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best?
 We should probably have both.
 Yes, that will work out fine. Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ?
 Maybe we could do both!
 Everything sounds great then! I'll meet you back here on Friday to discuss the details.
I was wondering if you need any help on your new project.
 Sure! That would be great! Are you good at writing or would you rather do the computer work?
 I would like to help with the computer work.
 Great! We are going to be working in teams of three. Are you OK working with others?
 Yes, I like working like that.
 We will begin next Monday. Would you be available then?
 Yes, I can be there.
 Well, if you could send me your basic background information before next Monday, it would be useful.
 I will send the information to you.
 Well then, thanks for your help. Have a great day!
Would you like me to help you on your new project?
 I would love the help! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing?
 I would enjoy helping with the writing portion.
 Perfect! You'll be working alone on that portion. Do you like to work alone?
 That is OK sometimes.
 Our first meeting is next Monday. Could you meet with us at that time?
 No, I can't be there.
 Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it.
 I can send that information to you.
 OK. I look forward to working with you. Enjoy your week!
Could I help you on your new project?
 I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work. Which would you prefer?
 I want to help with both.
 That would be wonderful. Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently. Would that be OK?
 Most of the time that is what I prefer.
 We start on Monday. Can you be there?
 I am not sure yet.
 I need your background information before the meeting.
 I will do that.
 I'll enjoy working with you. Have a great day!
I need help preparing for my presentation on Friday.
 I could help you with that.
 Are you sure you have the time?
 I promise you that I have the time to do this. If I didn't, I wouldn't offer to help.
 What would be the best time for you to help me?
 Tomorrow night would work for me.
 Should we just meet here?
 OK, and I'll bring some information that helped me with my presentation.
 I'll see you then.
 See you tomorrow night.
Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday?
 I would love to help you prepare for your presentation.
 I hate to ask you to do something like that.
 This will not interfere with my work. I promise you that.
 When could we get together?
 I could easily give you some time tomorrow night.
 Would you like to meet at the coffee house next door?
 Yes, and could you write down anything you might be having trouble with?
 I'll come prepared.
 Goodbye until then. I promise you that you'll do well after we meet.
I am a little nervous about my presentation on Friday.
 If you would like me to, I could help you with that.
 Wouldn't that take you away from your project?
 I have plenty of time to do this. I promise you it won't be a problem for me.
 Is there a good time for you to help me?
 If we work on this tomorrow night, you could easily be ready for Friday.
 How about meeting in my office?
 That would work out well. Bring any concerns that you might have.
 Sounds like you'll be able to help me a lot.
 Don't worry. Everything will go well. I promise!
Whoa, look at all those ice cream choices!
 Yes, that is a lot of choices. What is your favorite?
 I love anything with chocolate the best.
 I like chocolate myself.
 Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like?
 I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it.
 I haven't ever cared for that myself.
 Have you ever had garlic ice cream?
 That sounds absolutely disgusting!
 It was. Let's stick with the regular choices today, though.
How are you doing today?
 I'm fine.
 What can I do for you?
 I would like to cancel a check.
 Is there a problem?
 I wrote the check out for too much.
 How much did you write it out for?
 I wrote it out for $150.
 How much was it supposed to be?
 It was supposed to be for $100.
 I'll cancel that check for you.
 I really appreciate your help.
How are you?
 I'm doing well.
 How may I help you?
 Could you cancel a check for me?
 What's the problem?
 I wrote the check out for way too much.
 How much?
 I wrote the check out for $150.
 What were you supposed to write it out for?
 I was supposed to write the check out for $100.
 I'll just cancel it for you right now.
 That's great. You're a lifesaver.
How's it going?
 Great. Thank you.
 What can I help you with?
 I need to cancel a check.
 What's wrong with the check?
 I accidentally wrote the check for too much.
 How much did you write the check for?
 The check was written for $150.
 How much were you supposed to write it for?
 I needed to write it for $100.
 I can cancel it for you right now.
 Thank you so much.
What can I help you with today?
 I would like to make a deposit.
 Will that be cash or check?
 I'm depositing a check.
 Could you sign the back of the check, please?
 All right. Here you go.
 Would you like any cash back?
 That would be great.
 How much would you like?
 I would like $150.
 Here is your $150.
 Thanks for everything.
How may I help you?
 I'm making a deposit today.
 Cash or check?
 I would like to deposit a check.
 You need to sign the back.
 Okay. Here you go.
 Would you like cash back?
 Yes, I would.
 How much?
 Let me get $150 back.
 Here you go.
 Thank you. Have a good one.
What can I do for you?
 I need to make a deposit.
 Are you depositing cash or a check?
 I'm depositing a check.
 Please sign the back of the check.
 There you go.
 Do you want cash back?
 Yes, please.
 How much cash would you like?
 I want $150.
 Here is your $150.
 Thank you, and have a nice day.
Can I help you with something?
 I need to cancel one of my accounts.
 Is there a problem with it?
 I don't need it anymore.
 What would you like to do with all the money in this account?
 Just transfer it over to my remaining account.
 I can do that.
 That would be great.
 Do you want to take any money out?
 Not today.
 It's going to take a moment for me to cancel your account.
 That's fine. Take your time.
What can I do for you?
 I would like to cancel one of my accounts.
 Is there a problem with your account?
 I only need one.
 What about all your money in that account?
 Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account?
 That's fine.
 I appreciate it.
 Would you like to make a withdrawal?
 That's all for today.
 I'll just cancel your account right now.
 I greatly appreciate your help.
Did you need help with something?
 I need to cancel an account.
 Do you have a problem with your account?
 I don't need two different accounts anymore.
 What are you going to do about the money in your account?
 Can I transfer it to my remaining account?
 I'll do that for you.
 That's lovely.
 Would you like to withdraw any money?
 No. That's fine.
 It'll just take me a moment to cancel your account.
 Thank you very much.
Do you have any other questions?
 I want to know about fees.
 Which fees?
 Overdraft fees.
 You will be required to pay a small fee for every time you overdraft.
 How much is the fee?
 You'll have to pay $25 every time you overdraft.
 That's a small fee?
 It should stop you from overdrafting.
 You would think it would, but it most likely won't.
 Can I help you with anything else?
 That's it for today. Thank you.
Do you have any questions?
 Tell me about fees.
 What fees are you referring to?
 I want to know about overdraft fees.
 We charge a small fee every time you overdraft.
 How much?
 For each time you overdraft, you have to pay $25.
 That's not a small fee.
 You shouldn't overdraft.
 That's for sure.
 Do you need help with anything else?
 That's all I needed to know. Thanks.
Would you like to ask any questions?
 I need to know about the fees.
 What kind of fees?
 I'm asking about overdraft fees.
 You have to pay a small fee every time you overdraft.
 What's the fee?
 The fee is $25 every time you overdraft.
 How is that a small fee?
 That fee should keep you from overdrafting.
 I'll say.
 Do you have any more questions?
 I don't need to know anything else. Thank you.
There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from!
 Yes, there must be about a hundred. Do you have a favorite?
 I love fruit flavored ices the best.
 Yes, fresh fruit flavored is the best ever.
 What is your least favorite ice cream?
 I don't like peppermint ice cream.
 Yes, I know what you mean.
 One time, I tried garlic ice cream.
 That could be interesting.
 That doesn't sound like a good choice for today. Let's order!
I have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place!
 There certainly are a lot. Can you choose a favorite?
 Vanilla with toppings is my favorite.
 Is there anything as good as a hot fudge sundae?
 No way!
 I don't like ice cream with too many different flavors in it.
 I agree with that, it just doesn't work for me.
 I saw garlic ice cream on the menu once.
 I think that that would be horrible!
 I think I'll stick with a more traditional choice today!
I was thinking about applying for the new position.
 Do you think that is a good idea?
 It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure.
 What are your main concerns?
 It would give me a chance to grow, but I am wondering if I would like the job.
 I know what you mean, I've thought about that myself.
 I also am thinking about the pay.
 Could you take a slight pay decrease for a chance to move forward?
 Yes, it might be worth it. I am not certain.
 I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you.
I am not certain, but I think I might ask to be considered for the new job.
 Why are you considering trying for it?
 I think that I might like it, but I am still thinking about it.
 What is it about this job that appeals to you?
 I think that I would enjoy the position but there isn't a lot of creativity involved.
 Yes, you could be right. There is a lot to consider.
 I am also wondering about the pay.
 Would a slight decrease in pay be worth it for a new opportunity for growth?
 I am thinking that might be the case.
 I think you should give it a shot. What do you have to lose? You can always change your mind.
I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday.
 Are you certain that that is what you want to do.
 It may not be the best choice for me, but I am considering it.
 Why do you think that this would be a good move?
 I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me.
 Yes, there are always pros and cons to making a career change.
 Also, the matter of pay is also a consideration.
 I think the slight pay decrease might be worth it. The benefits are much better.
 Yes, sometimes giving up a little to move forward is the best choice.
 I think you definitely should apply for the position.
I was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains.
 I agree, I think that that would be perfect!
 I was thinking it could take place sometime in January.
 That might be a little too cold for some people.
 Yes, you are right.
 What about April? April has good weather that isn't too cold or too hot.
 Yes, that would work out better.
 You know, maybe we could take a survey to see how that works for everyone.
 Good idea! We'll have to get right on it.
 Fine! Well, I'll get right on it now!
I think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year.
 What a great idea!
 January would be a good month for a mountain retreat.
 I like the mountain idea, but I am not so sure about the month of January.
 You know, now that I think about it, you might be right.
 April might be nice. It is far enough away to make the necessary arrangements.
 That is a good suggestion.
 We could ask everyone what would be the best time for them.
 Yes, that would let us know what would work best.
 I'll put the survey online this afternoon.
The Mountains would be a great place for the company retreat.
 That's a wonderful choice.
 I have chosen January as the month for this retreat.
 January is a little too close to the Christmas holidays.
 Yes, maybe another choice might be better.
 I think that April would work. Spring is a lovely time to be in the mountains.
 Thank you for thinking of that.
 Maybe if we asked around we could see what people would prefer.
 That is a good idea.
 I'll take care of taking the survey and get back to you with the answers.
  I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend.
 Sure, I think that would be possible. Where is the fundraiser?
 It is in the park downtown.
 Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday?
 We will need it for Saturday only.
 I think that would be OK. Who will be driving it?
 Mary and I will be driving the van.
 Could you drop it off on Sunday night?
 Yes, we can do that. Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also?
 Yes, that would be fine. Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night.
Our unit is participating in a fundraiser this weekend and would like to borrow the van, if possible.
 I would need to check on that. Where is the fundraiser?
 It will be at the beach by the pier.
 What day will you need it for?
 We will only be needing it for Sunday.
 Maybe that could work. I need to know who will be driving it.
 The only two drivers will be Mary and I.
 If I give you the keys to the garage, could you bring it back on Sunday evening?
 Sure. We also would like to use the chairs from the lunchroom. Would that be OK?
 OK, but make sure that everything is back by Sunday night at the latest.
Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend?
 That would be a possibility. Where is this fundraiser taking place?
 It is in the hotel ballroom down the street.
 Do you need it for the whole weekend?
 We will need it for both days.
 We will need to know who will be driving the van.
 The van will be driven by Mary and me.
 It needs to be back on Sunday night. Can you arrange for that?
 Yes, no problem. Would you mind if we borrowed a few of the chairs from the lunchroom?
 Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening.
Your total comes to $36.78.
 Put it on my VISA.
 There's a problem with your card.
 What's wrong with it?
 I believe it was declined.
 You're kidding me!
 Do you have another card I could try?
 I only have one card.
 Do you have cash, perhaps?
 I don't have any cash on me.
 You're not going to be able to take these items today.
 I'll be back tomorrow.
The total for all these items comes to $36.78.
 Take my VISA.
 There is something wrong with your card.
 What's going on?
 Your card was declined.
 That can't be right!
 Would you like me to try another card?
 I don't have another one.
 What about cash?
 I didn't bring cash with me today.
 I'm sorry, but you can't take the items until you can buy them.
 I'll come back for them tomorrow.
You owe $36.78.
 Here's my VISA card.
 I'm sorry, but your card isn't working.
 What's the problem?
 The machine says your card was declined.
 It was?
 Do you have another card?
 That's my only one.
 Maybe you can just pay in cash?
 No cash today.
 I guess you won't be able to purchase these items today.
 I'll come tomorrow with cash.
I need to use the ATM.
 What's stopping you?
 I'm not sure how.
 I don't understand.
 I've never used one before.
 I can help you figure it out.
 What do I have to do?
 Slide your card into the machine.
 Then what?
 You need to type your PIN in.
 What do I have to do next?
 Click on whichever option you want, and you're done.
I have to use the ATM.
 Is there a problem?
 I don't know how to use it.
 What are you talking about?
 I have never used an ATM before.
 I can show you how to use it.
 How do I use it?
 You need to push your card into the machine.
 What's next?
 Enter your PIN.
 What else do I have to do?
 Every option you can choose will appear on the screen. That's about it.
I need to go to the ATM.
 So, why don't you?
 I have no idea how to use the ATM.
 What do you mean?
 This will be my first time using an ATM.
 I can help you with that.
 Explain to me how to use it.
 Just put your card into the machine.
 Now what do I do?
 Then you need to type in your PIN.
 Now what?
 Just click on one of the choices they give you, and that's it.
How may I help you?
 I'm having a problem.
 What is it?
 I apparently owe some fees, but I never got the bank statement.
 I do apologize for that.
 My fees went up, but I didn't even know I had fees to pay. 
 I see your problem.
 What are you going to do about it?
 I will cancel the fees you owe.
 I don't have to pay any fees?
 You'll only have to pay the initial fee.
 That's fine. I appreciate your help.
What can I do for you?
 I have a serious problem.
 Explain it to me.
 I never got a bank statement for fees that I owe.
 I'm sorry, but I guess we didn't send a statement out.
 My fees increased, because I didn't know about my fees. 
 I see where that is a problem.
 Can you fix it?
 I will cancel the fees that you owe.
 You're canceling all the fees?
 You still need to pay the initial fee.
 That'll be fine.
May I help you?
 I have a problem.
 What's your problem?
 I owe fees, but a bank statement never came in the mail about it.
 I apologize for the inconvenience.
 I have no idea about the fee, so my fees went up. 
 I understand your problem.
 Will you be able to solve my problem?
 I'm going to cancel the fees you owe.
 So, I don't have to pay any of it?
 The initial fee still must be paid.
 That's fabulous. Thank you very much.
I would like to open an account today.
 What kind?
 I want to open a checking account.
 You need to keep a minimum balance.
 How much is it?
 You need at least $100 in your account.
 Is that all?
 Yes. That's the minimum.
 What happens if I don't meet that requirement?
 You will get a fine.
 How much?
 It's going to be $25.
I need to open an account.
 Do you know what kind you want to open?
 I want a checking account.
 Do you know what the minimum balance is?
 What is that?
 You need to keep it at $100.
 That's it?
 That's the least amount you can have.
 What'll happen if I don't maintain that?
 We will fine you.
 How much will I be fined?
 You will be fined $25.
I want to open an account.
 What kind of account do you want to open?
 I want to open a checking account.
 Do you know the minimum balance you're required to keep?
 How much is that?
 You have to maintain a minimum balance of $100.
 Really?
 Yes, really.
 What if I can't meet that requirement?
 You will be fined.
 How much is the fine?
 It's going to cost you $25.
How are you doing today?
 Very well. Thank you.
 What can I help you with?
 Do I have any fees to pay?
 As a matter of fact, you do.
 How much?
 You owe $235.13.
 That's unbelievable.
 Will you be paying some of that off today?
 I want to pay all of it off today.
 How will you be paying?
 I'll be paying with cash.
How are you?
 I'm great. Thank you for asking.
 What can I do for you?
 Do I owe any fees?
 You sure do.
 Could you tell me how much I owe?
 You owe $235.13 in fees.
 I can't believe that.
 When will you be paying these fees off?
 I'll pay them off right now.
 Cash or check?
 I will pay with cash.
How's it going?
 I'm great. Thanks.
 What do you need?
 I need to know if I have any fees to pay.
 Actually, you do owe some fees.
 How much do I owe?
 Your fees total $235.13.
 That's crazy!
 You need to pay these fees soon.
 Can I do that right now?
 Will you be paying with cash or check?
 I think I'll be paying with cash.
How may I help you today?
 I need to open a second account.
 What kind of account would you like to open?
 I need another savings account.
 Do you have another account with us?
 I sure do.
 Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one?
 That's fine.
 How much would you like to transfer?
 Transfer $100.
 Give me a moment while I complete your transaction.
 That's fine. Thank you.
How can I help you?
 I want to open another account.
 What kind would you like to open?
 I would like to open a savings account.
 Do you already have an account with us?
 I have another savings account open already.
 Do you want to transfer money from that account?
 I would like to do that.
 How much?
 I only want to transfer $100.
 It'll only take me a minute to complete your transaction.
 Great. Thank you very much.
What can I do for you?
 I would like to open another account.
 What kind do you want to open?
 I want to open a savings account.
 Do you have an account opened with this bank already?
 Yes, I do.
 You can always transfer money from that account into your new one.
 That would be great.
 How much money do you want to transfer?
 I want to transfer $100.
 I'll do that right now.
 All right. Thanks.
What can I do for you today?
 I have an issue.
 What is your problem?
 There were charges on my debit card that I never made.
 Do you have a statement for your debit card?
 I do.
 Which charges are you talking about?
 It's the last four charges.
 We're going to have to do an investigation.
 Is that going to take long?
 I'm not sure, but in the meantime we will freeze these charges.
 That's wonderful. Thank you.
How may I help you?
 I'm having a problem.
 What problem are you having?
 There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn't make.
 Do you have the statement for your card?
 Here it is.
 What are the charges you're referring to?
 The last four charges on the page.
 I'm afraid we're going to have to investigate these charges.
 How long will an investigation take?
 I honestly don't know, but we will freeze payment on these charges.
 That sounds absolutely fantastic.
May I help you?
 I have a problem.
 What's the problem?
 Someone else is making charges on my debit card.
 I need to see a statement for your debit card.
 I have it right here.
 Can you show me which charges you're referring to?
 The last four charges.
 We will need to do an investigation on this.
 How long will that take?
 We'll have to freeze payment on those charges until the investigation is finished.
 I really appreciate your help.
What can I help you with today?
 When does the library close?
 The library closes at six o'clock.
 Does it close at that time every day?
 Not always.
 Is the library open on Saturdays?
 Yes.
 What time do you open and close on Saturday?
 The hours are from 9 am to 6:30 pm.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 Do you need anything else?
 No, that's all. Thanks.
May I help you?
 What time will the library be closing?
 It closes at six.
 Does it always close at six?
 No, not every day.
 Will the library be open on Saturday?
 Absolutely.
 What are your hours on Saturday?
 Saturday's hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night.
 All right. Thank you.
 What else can I help you with?
 That's it. Thank you.
What can I do for you?
 I need to know what time the library closes.
 The library will be closing at six.
 Does it close at six every day?
 No, it doesn't.
 Are you guys open on Saturdays?
 Yes, we're open on Saturdays.
 What time does the library open and close on Saturday?
 We open at 9 am and close at 6:30 pm.
 That's cool.
 Can I help you with anything else?
 That's everything. Thanks.
What may I do for you?
 I need to get a passport.
 You will need to apply for one.
 When will I be able to do that?
 You can do it right now, if you'd like.
 That's fine.
 Please fill out this application.
 Then what do I do?
 I just need to take your picture.
 How long will it take for my passport to be ready?
 You will get it in a few weeks.
 That's perfect.
How may I help you?
 I want to get a passport.
 You need to apply for a passport.
 When can I apply for it?
 You can apply right now.
 I'd like to do that.
 Fill this out, please.
 What's next?
 I will need to take your passport picture.
 When will my passport be ready?
 It will take about three weeks.
 That's great. Thank you.
What can I do for you?
 I need a passport.
 You can apply for one here.
 When can I do that?
 If you like, you can apply right now.
 That would be great.
 I'm going to need you to complete this application.
 What else do I have to do?
 Then I will take your picture for your passport.
 How long will it take?
 Your passport will be ready in a few weeks.
 Thank you. That's perfect timing.
What can I help you with today?
 I need to check out this book.
 Do you have your library card?
 I don't have one.
 Would you like to apply for one right now?
 That's fine.
 I'm going to need you to fill out the application.
 All right. All done.
 All right, now please sign the back of the card.
 Okay. I've signed it.
 That's all there is to it.
 Great. Now can I check out this book?
May I help you?
 Could I check out this book?
 Let me see your library card.
 I need to get one.
 You can apply for one right now, if you'd like.
 Okay. Let me do that right now.
 Could you fill out this application?
 I'm finished. Here you go.
 Could you please sign the back of the card?
 All right.
 That's it.
 Now may I check this book out?
What do you need?
 I would like to check out a book.
 I'm going to need your library card.
 I don't have a library card.
 Why don't you apply for one right now?
 Sure. That would be great.
 Please fill out this application.
 Okay. Here you go.
 Now, sign your name on the back of the card.
 Here you go.
 Here's your library card.
 Thanks. Now I'd like to check out this book.
How may I help you?
 I need to check these books out.
 Do you have your library card?
 Here it is.
 It appears that you have late fees.
 Really?
 Yes, really.
 How much do I owe?
 You owe $24.50 in late fees.
 I don't have that much today.
 I'm sorry, but until you pay it, you won't be able to check out any more books.
 I'll pay it as soon as possible.
What can I do for you?
 I want to check out these books.
 I need your library card.
 I have it right here.
 It seems you have late fees.
 Are you sure?
 Yes, I'm sure.
 How much?
 Your late fees come to $24.50.
 I don't have that right now.
 You have to pay it off before you can check out more books.
 I'll do that soon.
May I help you?
 I would like to check out these books.
 May I see your library card, please?
 Yes. Here you go.
 Apparently, you have unpaid late fees.
 I do?
 You owe some money.
 Exactly how much do I owe?
 You owe $24.50.
 I won't be able to pay that right now.
 Until you pay it, you can't check out books.
 I will pay it. Don't worry.
How may I help you?
 I couldn't find the book I was looking for.
 Have you checked the database?
 I checked.
 Was it on the shelf?
 It should have been, but it wasn't.
 Maybe someone took it.
 Will you be getting another copy anytime soon?
 I'm sure we will.
 Would you be able to reserve it for me?
 I sure will.
 Thank you very much.
May I help you?
 I can't find the book I want.
 Why don't you try looking at the database?
 I checked it already.
 Do we have it available?
 It wasn't there.
 I guess it is lost.
 Will you be getting another copy?
 Yes, we will.
 Could you reserve a copy for me?
 I can do that.
 That's great. Thanks a lot.
What can I do for you?
 I was looking for a book, but I couldn't find it.
 Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf?
 I already did.
 Is it on the shelf?
 I didn't see it.
 Apparently somebody took that book out of the library.
 Will you ever get another copy?
 We will definitely be getting another.
 Could you please reserve it for me?
 That won't be a problem.
 Thanks. I really appreciate that.
How are you doing today?
 Good. Thanks for asking.
 What may I do for you?
 I need help with something.
 What do you need help with?
 I am looking for a newspaper article.
 Have you looked in the periodicals?
 I didn't even think about that.
 I can show you where they are.
 That would be a lot of help.
 Follow me, please.
 Thank you so much.
How are you?
 I'm great. Thanks.
 Did you need something?
 I need your help.
 How may I help you?
 I need to find this newspaper article.
 Have you checked the periodicals section yet?
 I forgot about that section.
 If you'd like, I can show you where to find it.
 Could you do that?
 Follow me.
 Thank you for all your help.
How's it going?
 I'm fine. Thank you.
 Do you need anything?
 I need you to help me.
 What can I do for you?
 I am looking for an article in a newspaper.
 Did you check the periodicals?
 I didn't even bother to think of that.
 I'll show you where to find your article.
 I get lost in this library.
 It's right this way.
 Thanks a lot for your help.
What can I do for you today?
 I need to return a book.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 I want to check this magazine out.
 We don't allow people to check out magazines.
 Why not?
 It's just a policy of ours.
 So what am I allowed to check out?
 You may check out books or videos.
 I need to check out this magazine.
 You will have to just read it in the library.
 That doesn't make any sense.
How may I help you?
 I want to return this video.
 Is that all you need?
 I also need to check this magazine out.
 You're not allowed to do that.
 I don't understand.
 It's our policy.
 What can I check out?
 Only books or videos.
 I need this magazine.
 You will have to read it here.
 That's weird.
May I help you?
 I would like to return this book.
 May I do anything else for you?
 I would also like to check out this magazine.
 I can't let you do that.
 Why is that?
 Our policy doesn't allow anyone to check out the magazines.
 What things am I allowed to check out?
 You are only allowed to check out books or videos.
 I really need to check out this magazine.
 I'm sorry, but that's our policy.
 That's stupid.
What can I do for you today?
 I need to return a book.
 Can I do anything else for you?
 I want to check these books out.
 Is that all?
 That's all.
 May I see your library card, please?
 It's right here.
 Will that be all for today?
 Yes. That's it.
 These are due back in two weeks.
 All right. Have a good night.
How may I help you?
 I want to return this video.
 Is that all you need?
 I also need to check these books out.
 Anything else?
 That's everything.
 I need your library card.
 I have it. Here you go.
 Do you need anything else?
 That's everything.
 Your books are due back two weeks from today.
 Thank you. Good night.
May I help you?
 I would like to return this book.
 May I do anything else for you?
 I would also like to check out these books.
 Will that be all?
 That's it.
 Do you have your library card?
 Oh, yeah. Here you go.
 Will that be all for today?
 That'll be all.
 Your books are due back in two weeks.
 Thanks. Have a good one.
What can I do for you?
 I am trying to find this book.
 What's the problem?
 It doesn't seem like this library has it.
 Have you checked the computer?
 I have already.
 What did it say?
 It says the book is on the shelf, but I didn't find it there.
 I can always borrow the book from another library.
 You can do that?
 I'll make the call and contact you when it gets in.
 That's fantastic. Thank you.
May I help you?
 I would like to find this book.
 Is there a problem?
 I don't think you guys have it.
 You should look it up on our computer.
 I did that.
 What came up?
 It should be on the shelf, but I didn't see it.
 I can try to get the book from a different library.
 I didn't know you could do that.
 I will call you when I find it.
 I appreciate your help.
Do you need help with something?
 I'm looking for this book.
 Is there something wrong?
 I don't see it on the shelf.
 Did you check the computer?
 I already looked.
 Did it say anything?
 It said that the book is on the shelf, but it isn't.
 I'm sure I can get it from another library.
 Could you do that?
 I'll let you know when I get the book in.
 That's great. Thank you so much.
How may I help you?
 I need to return these books.
 Give them here.
 Here they are.
 It appears these books are two weeks late.
 I forgot they were due.
 You do realize you are going to have to pay late fees, right?
 How much is the late fee?
 The late fee is 25 cents a day.
 So I have to pay 25 cents for each day the books are late?
 It's 25 cents for each book.
 That's a lot of money.
What can I do for you?
 I'm returning these books.
 Let me have them.
 Here are all of them.
 These books are two weeks late.
 I didn't have time to return them.
 You're going to have to pay late fees.
 How much?
 25 cents a day.
 25 cents a day?
 That means 25 cents for each late book.
 That's expensive.
May I help you with something?
 I would like to return some books.
 I'll take them.
 Here you go.
 These books were due two weeks ago.
 Yeah. I totally forgot they were due.
 You will need to pay late fees on these books.
 How much are the late fees?
 The fee is 25 cents every day.
 I have to pay 25 cents a day?
 And that's for each book that is late.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 If I want to buy this car, what will it cost me?
 Let me get my contract out, and we'll figure that out for you right now.
 Can't you just tell me what it costs?
 You know, I am prepared to offer you a great deal today on that car. With tax, license, registration, and dealer prep, the total will be fifteen thousand dollars.
 Fine, I'll come back later with my father, who is a lawyer, and we can talk then.
 I am sure that we can work something out. What price were you thinking would be a good deal for you?
 Thirteen thousand would be more like it.
 Fourteen thousand for this car is a good price. For that I am practically giving it away.
 Normally that would be a good price, but that car has been in an accident.
 Yes, I see your point. Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
How much money for this car?
 Yes, that car is beautiful, isn't it? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price.
 I just want to know the price.
 Fifteen thousand out the door! What a deal! That will, of course, include tax, license, registration, and dealer prep.
 I appreciate your help, and I'll see you later.
 Oh, you look like a smart person. What price would be fair to you?
 I think that thirteen thousand would be fair for this car.
 I can see that you are a smart buyer. Fourteen thousand is my best price.
 If the car hadn't been in an accident, that would be a good price, but it has a few minor problems.
 Thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty is my final offer.
 This car is exactly what I want!
 I am glad that you like it. I've had good experiences with this car.
 So, how much do you want for the car?
 Well, the price in the paper was five thousand dollars.
 Yes, I know, but I think that might be a little high for this car.
 I might be able to come down a little on the price.
 How about selling the car for four thousand?
 No, that's way less than I could accept. However, I could accept forty-five hundred.
 That sounds fair to me.
 It's a deal then. Thank you!
I really love this car!
 Great! I was hoping that it would go to a driver who appreciates it.
 How much are you willing to take for the car?
 As I am sure you noticed, the price on the window is five thousand dollars.
 Don't you think you could come down a bit on the price?
 You seem like a nice person. Maybe I could lower the price a bit.
 Would you sell it to me for four thousand?
 I am thinking more in the line of four thousand five hundred.
 I'll take it then!
 Perfect! That works for both of us.
I am definitely interested in buying this car.
 Wonderful! It's good to find a person who really needs this car.
 What is the price for this car?
 The price I listed on eBay was five thousand dollars.
 I was thinking that maybe you might be willing to lower the price a bit.
 You know I just got a good deal on my new car. I think I can afford to knock a little off of this car.
 I was thinking that four thousand would be a good price.
 I couldn't go that low, but I could sell it for forty-five hundred.
 That would work well for me.
 It's done then. I've enjoyed doing business with you.
I need to go to the DMV and don't know how to make an appointment with them.
 First of all you need to figure out if you really need to be there in person. Sometimes you can take care of your business at the Automobile Club or at the DMV website.
 If I do need to go in, how can I make an appointment?
 You can either make an appointment by going online or by calling the phone number listed on their website.
 What if I just show up there?
 If you have all day to wait and a good book to read, that might work for you.
 Is the DMV open on Saturdays?
 Due to state budget cuts, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
 I think that you have just convinced me to join the Automobile Club!
 Yes, the Automobile Club takes all the pain out of DMV transactions!
How can I make an appointment at the DMV?
 You could check the DMV website or see if the Automobile Club could help you. Many things can be taken care of without actually going in to the DMV in person.
 How do I make an appointment if I have to actually go in?
 You have two choices. You can call them at the number listed on their website or you can contact them online.
 Can I just walk in and get help?
 Without an appointment, you will be waiting for many hours. I would not advise it.
 Can I take care of this on a Saturday?
 Unfortunately, the DMV is no longer open on Saturdays.
 It probably would be easier for me to join the Automobile Club.
 The Automobile Club has many benefits, and taking care of your DMV transactions is one of the best benefits.
Can you help me figure out how to make an appointment with the DMV?
 I would try to avoid going in to the DMV in person. If you are a member of the Automobile Club, they oftentimes can take care of things for you or you can try the DMV website.
 It would be nice not to have to go in but if I have to, how do I make an appointment?
 The easiest way to contact them is online, but they also have a phone number listed on the website if you prefer to call them on the phone.
 What do they do if you just show up with no appointment?
 That is not a good way to go. You could be left waiting for many hours and there is no guarantee that they will see you at all!
 What about going to the DMV on Saturday?
 For a while the DMV was open on Saturday, but not anymore.
 I think that the Automobile Club idea was a good suggestion.
 You should check out the Automobile Club. I think you would enjoy being a member.
I am buying a used car and don't know much about financing it.
 I can help you. Do you have a down payment?
 Yes, I have saved up three thousand dollars for a down payment.
 Good, because you will not be able to get a loan without putting some money down on the car.
 I don't know where exactly to get a loan.
 Other than friends or family, you can go to a bank, credit union, or use the dealer financing if you bought the car off a car lot.
 What is the best choice for financing?
 It depends. The worst financing deal is usually at the dealer, but they will oftentimes give you a loan when a bank turns you down.
 What do I need to have with me when I apply for the loan?
 You will need a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip for the car. Before the loan is complete, you will need to show proof of insurance. Good luck!
Can you help me learn about financing options for a used car?
 I would love to help you with what I know. I am assuming that you have a down payment.
 Yes, I already borrowed some money from my parents for the down payment.
 That will work. A bank or finance company will not loan you money without a down payment.
 I am not sure who will loan money to me.
 You can apply for a loan at a bank, credit union, or approach the used car dealer who sold you the car. You might also try family and friends.
 Who offers the best interest rate?
 A credit union will usually give you the best interest rate, but the dealer will almost always give you some type of loan.
 Do I need any documents when I apply for a car loan?
 Be sure that you take a recent pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You will have a few days to produce proof of insurance. Enjoy your new car!
I need help figuring out how to pay for a used car that I am thinking of buying.
 I would be happy to help you. Have you saved up a down payment?
 I will be getting money from selling my old car.
 You really need that money so that a bank or finance company will loan you the rest of the money that you need.
 Who gives loans out to people wanting to buy cars?
 Usually people go to a bank, credit union, or, if they bought the car at a car lot, they might use the dealer finance company.
 What is the best place to get financing?
 The dealer will charge you a higher interest rate, but sometimes they are your only choice if you are just starting out.
 Will I need some documentation when I apply for the loan?
 Just make sure that you bring them your last pay stub and a copy of the pink slip. You can then work on getting insured. Enjoy your new car!
Could you tell me what window I should go to?
 Do you have an appointment?
 Yes, I have an appointment.
 The DMV windows are set up for different tasks. What are you here to do?
 I need to transfer ownership of a used car.
 I can see that you have all of your forms filled out. Drop the forms in that box, and I will call you when your name comes up.
 Thanks for helping me.
 You are welcome. May I see your current Driver's License?
 Here is my license, it is not a very good picture of me!
 That's a pretty good picture. Just pay the fee over at the last window and you're done!
This is my first time at the DMV, and I don't know what window to go to.
 It depends on what you are doing. Did you make an appointment?
 I made an appointment last month.
 All of the windows are for specific services. What do you need to do today?
 I just bought a used car and need to transfer the ownership.
 If you just put all of your filled-out forms in the drop box, your name will be called when it comes up.
 Thank you, that helps me know what to do.
 My pleasure. The only other thing I need is your current Driver's License.
 Here is my license, it is a very old picture of me!
 You look good in that picture. Take this over to the last window to pay your fee, and you've finished registering your car.
Could you help direct me to the proper window?
 There are different windows for different things. Did you make an appointment on the Internet?
 I made my appointment over the Internet.
 Different windows will be able to help you with different problems. What do you need help with?
 I need help transferring the ownership of a new car from my friend to myself.
 The signed forms go in the box, and I will call your name in a few minutes.
 Thank you for making it seem less confusing.
 If you would give me your current Driver's License, I will be able to complete the transfer process.
 Here is my license, I never really liked that picture!
 That is a great picture! Take the forms over to the last window to pay your fees and you're finished!
Where is the best place to buy a used car?
 I have always purchased my used cars from an advertisement in the paper, but actually you have many options.
 Where else could I look for a car?
 You could look on the Internet. Craigslist is best, as most of the cars listed there are sold locally.
 What would be best if I wanted to actually go see a lot of used cars that are for sale?
 The best place is CarMax, which is a very large used car lot.
 Where is CarMax?
 There are many of them. You can look on the Internet or in the phone book for the one closest to you.
 How about the listings on the college bulletin board?
 Actually, that is not a bad way to go, especially near the end of a semester as students are moving away.
Can you help me figure out the best place to buy a used car?
 There are a lot of different ways to go. I bought my last one from an advertisement in the paper.
 What are my other options for looking for a used car?
 Internet listings are good. Craigslist is pretty good because most of the cars are sold locally.
 I think that I might actually like to see many used cars together so I can compare them.
 The biggest used car lot is CarMax. I would check that place out.
 How can I find out where CarMax is?
 Look in the phone book or on the Internet for the one closest to you. There are a lot of them.
 Have you ever seen the listings on the school bulletin board?
 The school bulletin board can have some great deals, as many students sell their cars before they return home or as they get better paying jobs.
Where did you buy your last used car?
 I found my last one in an advertisement in the newspaper, but there are a lot of other places to look for used cars.
 Besides an advertisement, what else could I do to find a used car?
 My friend bought his used car off of Craigslist. It works out better than eBay because the cars listed are located close by.
 Is there anywhere I can go to see many used cars all in the same place?
 Go to CarMax if you want to see the largest selection of used cars in one place.
 I don't know where CarMax is.
 CarMax has many car lots in many cities. For the one closest to you, check out the Internet or phone book.
 Have you ever known anyone who bought a car off a listing on the university bulletin board?
 You can get a good deal there. Especially at the end of the year, when students are selling things and returning home.
  So how did I do on my driving test?
 Do you want the truth?
 Of course, I do.
 Well, you really didn't do all that well.
 How bad did I do?
 To be completely honest, you failed your test.
 How?
 There were a number of reasons.
 What were they?
 Basically, you just can't drive.
 Can I have another try?
 You can take it in a couple weeks.
How did I do?
 Do you really want to know?
 Yes, I do.
 You did pretty bad.
 Exactly how bad?
 You didn't pass the test.
 I don't understand how I could've failed it.
 There are a few reasons why you failed.
 What are the reasons?
 The main reason is the fact that you're a horrible driver.
 Can I take the test again?
 You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks.
Did I do well on my test?
 Do you want to know the honest answer?
 Why wouldn't I want to know?
 You had pretty bad scores.
 Exactly what do you mean by bad?
 You failed.
 How'd I fail it?
 There are a couple of reasons why you didn't pass.
 What did I do wrong?
 To sum it all up, you really just don't know how to drive.
 Will I be able to take a retest?
 Sure you can, in about two and a half weeks.
Do you want to practice your driving right now?
 No problem. We can do it right now.
 Are you buckled up?
 All right. Now what do I do?
 Start the car.
 Which way do you want me to go?
 Take a left.
 How far do you want me to go?
 I'll tell you when to stop.
 Just make sure to tell me beforehand.
 We're back now, so why don't you try parking?
 Well, that was fun. Let's do it again soon.
Let's go practice your driving.
 If that's what you want to do, then we can.
 Did you buckle your seatbelt?
 I'm buckled up. What's next?
 You need to start the car now.
 What do you want me to do?
 Go left.
 How far should I go?
 I'll let you know when I want you to stop.
 Tell me before you want me to stop.
 All right, try parking here.
 Thanks. Let's go driving again tomorrow.
Do you think we can go driving right now?
 Yeah, sure. Let's go.
 Buckle up.
 All right. Now what?
 Now you put the key in the ignition and start the car.
 Which direction should I take?
 Make a left on this next street.
 Tell me how far to go.
 Keep going until I tell you to stop.
 Okay, but let me know ahead of time.
 That's all for today, so park right there.
 That was great. Thanks for taking me driving.
You know how to drive, right?
 I'm pretty good.
 Do you think you can teach me?
 Did you get your learner's permit yet?
 I have it already.
 Do you have any experience driving a car?
 I've only done it once.
 Do you know all the controls in the car?
 Yes, I am aware of them.
 When do you want to start learning how to drive?
 Whenever you have time.
 We can do it tomorrow; just call me.
Do you know how to drive?
 I'm a great driver.
 Could you teach me how to drive?
 Have you gotten your learner's permit?
 Yes, I have my learner's permit.
 Have you ever been behind the wheel?
 I've only driven a car one time.
 You do know all the controls in the car, don't you?
 I know them.
 Tell me when you want me to teach you.
 We can do it when you have some time.
 I'm not busy tomorrow. Call me then.
Are you a good driver?
 Yes, I'm rather good at driving.
 I need you to teach me how to drive.
 Yes, but do you have your learner's permit?
 Yes, I have it.
 Have you ever driven a car before?
 I drove a car before, but only once.
 Are you aware of all the controls in the car?
 I already know all of them.
 When would you like me to start teaching you?
 When do you have time?
 Call me tomorrow, and we'll get started.
Have you taken the written test yet?
 No, I haven't.
 You should study before you take it.
 I have been studying.
 Why don't you take the test?
 Do you know if it costs any money to take it?
 Since you already paid for your permit, you don't have to pay again.
 All right. Do you know if the test covers the whole book?
 No, the test skips a lot of things in the book.
 Did you pass it the first time that you took it?
 No, I didn't, because it was pretty hard.
 Well, I hope that I do well.
Did you take the written test?
 I haven't taken it yet.
 Make sure to study first.
 I study every night.
 I'm sure you're ready.
 Does it cost money?
 No, it doesn't cost anything.
 Does the test cover everything in the manual?
 It skips around.
 Did you pass the test your first try?
 I thought it would be easy, but I didn't pass it.
 Wish me luck.
Have you already taken the written test?
 Not yet.
 You really need to study for it.
 I already know. I have been studying.
 You should probably go and take it then.
 I'm not sure, but does it cost anything to take it?
 No, because you applied for your permit and you paid already.
 Will the test be on everything in the manual?
 It doesn't cover everything.
 When you took the test, did you pass it the first time?
 No, I didn't pass it.
 Hopefully, I won't fail the test.
I would like to apply for a permit.
 Can I see your ID?
 No, I left it in the car.
 I'm going to need to see your ID and $27 for your permit.
 One moment while I go and get my ID.
 Make it quick.
 Here's my ID and the $27.
 Thanks. Now fill this out.
 Do you have a pen that I can use?
 Use this one.
 Thanks a lot.
 You're welcome. Turn the application in at Window B.
Can I apply for a permit today?
 I need to see your ID.
 I think I forgot it in the car.
 You need to give me your ID and $27.
 I'm going to go and get my ID from the car right now.
 Go get it.
 Here you go.
 All right, I'm going to need you to fill this out.
 May I borrow your pen?
 Here's a pen for you.
 Thanks for your help.
 You need to turn that in at Window B.
I really need to apply for a driving permit.
 Do you have your ID with you?
 I may have left my ID in my car.
 Well, I need your ID and $27.
 I'll go get it really quick.
 Please hurry.
 Here it is.
 Thank you very much. Please fill out this paperwork.
 I need to use a pen.
 Here you go.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Now turn in your application at Window B.
I need to find somewhere to park.
 Off campus or on campus?
 I need to find a space on campus.
 Why don't you park in the parking structure for students?
 Where is the parking structure at?
 It's on the west side of the campus.
 Do you know if the parking structure is full or not?
 It was empty last time I went up there.
 How long ago was that?
 I went up there early this morning.
 Do you think it'll be full now?
 It might be. You'll have to go see for yourself.
Do you know where I can park?
 Do you need a spot here or off campus?
 I want a space on campus.
 There's a parking structure for students.
 Where can I find it?
 Go to the western side of the campus, and you'll find it there.
 Is it full?
 When I went up there, it wasn't full at all.
 When was that?
 Sometime this morning.
 Would it be full now?
 I am really not sure.
I really need to find a parking spot.
 Are you looking for a space on or off campus?
 Do you know any spaces on campus?
 You can park in the student parking structure.
 Where is it located?
 You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus.
 Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left?
 Last time I checked, it was pretty empty.
 What time was it when you went up there?
 That was earlier this morning.
 It wouldn't be full right now, would it?
 I have no idea.
I need to get my driver's license.
 You need to take your driving test. Have you?
 No, I still need to take it.
 Please fill out this paperwork.
 All right, but will I be able to take my test today?
 Actually, you're going to have to make an appointment first.
 May I make one right now, please?
 Sure, you can. The soonest day available will be this Friday.
 Friday will be fine.
 What time can you come in?
 I would like to do it sometime in the morning.
 I'll schedule you for 11 o'clock, Friday morning.
I would like to get my driver's license today.
 You will have to take your driving test. Have you taken it yet?
 I haven't taken it yet.
 Could you fill these papers out, please?
 Can I take my test right now?
 You need an appointment.
 I would like to do that right now, if I could.
 Is Friday good for you?
 That's perfect.
 Okay, so Friday at what time?
 The morning would be nice.
 All right. Come in on Friday at 11:00.
How can I get my driver's license?
 Have you taken your driving test yet?
 I have yet to take my driving test.
 Okay, first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork.
 When can I take my test?
 You'll have to make an appointment for that.
 I would like to make one right now.
 How does Friday sound?
 That would be great.
 What time would you like to take the test?
 If I could do it in the morning, then that would be good.
 Eleven o'clock on Friday morning. See you then.
How'd I do on my driving test?
 You did great on your test.
 Did I pass my test?
 You passed with flying colors.
 Did I mess up at all on my test?
 There was only one thing.
 What was it?
 You had some problems with parking.
 Parking is always the hardest thing for me.
 You should practice that.
 I will, but in the meantime, do I get my license?
 Yes. You got your license.
Did I do well on my driving test?
 You did a wonderful job.
 So, I passed?
 Yes, you passed.
 Did I mess up on anything?
 You did mess up on something.
 What was that?
 Your parallel parking isn't all that great.
 Yes, that's pretty hard for me.
 You just need a little more practice.
 I know, but I still get my license, right?
 You got it.
About my driving test, did I do well?
 You did a fabulous job.
 Are you telling me that I passed the test?
 That's what I'm telling you.
 What did I mess up on?
 You did mess up a little on one thing.
 Tell me.
 You had a little trouble on your parallel parking.
 That's not easy for me.
 That's something that you really need to work on.
 Am I still going to get my license?
 You're still going to get it.
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
 I've gotten a few.
 How many is a few?
 I've gotten about six.
 Have you paid all your tickets off?
 Yes, I've paid all of them off.
 How much is the fine?
 It's like $130 each ticket.
 That's not cheap at all.
 I got a parking ticket the other day.
 Pay it off, and they'll clear your record.
 I'm going to do that as soon as possible.
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
 I've gotten a few.
 How many is a few?
 I've gotten about six.
 Have you paid all your tickets off?
 Yes, I've paid all of them off.
 How much is the fine?
 It's like $130 each ticket.
 That's not cheap at all.
 I got a parking ticket the other day.
 Pay it off, and they'll clear your record.
 I'm going to do that as soon as possible.
Did you ever get a parking ticket?
 Only a few.
 What's a few?
 I've gotten six, I think.
 Did you pay your fines?
 Of course I have.
 How much are the parking tickets?
 I think they're $130.
 That's expensive.
 I just got a parking ticket.
 You should probably pay the fine soon.
 I'm going to pay it today.
How many parking tickets have you gotten before?
 I've gotten a few parking tickets before.
 How many?
 Only about five or six.
 Have you paid off your parking tickets?
  I'd like to get your store credit card.
 Here's the application form.
 I'm finished. Here's the form.
 Thank you. Now if you'll just give me a credit card.
 Here's my VISA.
 Thank you.
I want to get a store credit card.
 I have the application form right here.
 I've filled out the form. Here you go.
 Thanks. Now all I need to see is a credit card.
 Here's my MasterCard.
 Thank you very much.
I want to fill out the form for a store credit card.
 Very good. Here's the application form.
 I've filled out all the information. Here's the form.
 Thank you. Now I need to see one of your credit cards.
 Here's my American Express.
 Thanks.
I want to apply for your store credit card.
 It only takes a few minutes. Just fill out this form, please.
 I'm done. Here's the form.
 Thank you. Now if you'll just show me a credit card.
 Here's my Discover card.
 Perfect. Thank you.
I'm interested in a store credit card.
 Okay. Here's the application form.
 I've filled everything out.
 Thank you. Now let me see a credit card, please.
 Certainly. Here's my VISA card.
 Very good. Thank you.
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are?
 Pots and pans are right over there.
 Oh, thank you.
 Could I interest you in our store credit card?
 No, thanks. I already have credit cards.
 But our credit card saves you 10 percent.
 That's a nice discount.
 Here. Let me give you an application form.
 Thank you, but I'm just browsing today.
 Okay. Enjoy your browsing.
I'm looking for pots and pans.
 That section is right over there.
 Thank you so much.
 Perhaps you'd like to sign up for our store credit card.
 No, but thank you. I have plenty of credit cards.
 Our credit card saves you 10 percent instantly on all purchases.
 That does sound nice.
 Just fill out this form and you'll get your discount immediately.
 You know, I'll pass on it today.
 No problem. These forms are also at the front of the store on your way out.
I'm looking for your pots and pans section.
 We have a huge pots and pans section right over there.
 Thank you for your help.
 You know, we have a store credit card.
 No, thank you. I already have 1,000 credit cards.
 But our credit card gives you 10 percent savings.
 10 percent is certainly better than zero percent.
 All you have to do is fill out this form for an instant discount.
 Thank you. Maybe next time.
 Okay. If you need anything else, I'll be right here.
Where are your pots and pans?
 All our pots and pans are right over there.
 I walked right past it.
 Perhaps you'd be interested in a store credit card.
 Thanks, but no thanks. My wallet is full of credit cards.
 But only our credit card will save you 10 percent on all purchases.
 That sounds nice.
 Just take this form, fill it out, and get your instant discount.
 Not today, thank you. I'm in a bit of a hurry.
 If you change your mind, I'm right here.
Where is the pots and pans section?
 You'll find all our pots and pans right over there.
 Thank you. All I had to do was open my eyes.
 Would you like to receive our store credit card?
 No, thank you. The last thing is need is another credit card.
 But with our credit card, you save 10 percent instantly.
 That's something to think about.
 If you fill out this form, you'll get a discount starting today.
 Maybe next time, when I have more time.
 I understand. Good luck in the pots and pans section.
I would like to exchange this dress.
 You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value.
 Is there anything on sale today?
 I'm sorry. There are no sales today.
 Are dresses going to be on sale?
 Everything's going to be on sale next weekend.
 That's great. I'll wait. See you next weekend.
 Okay. I'll see you then.
I want to exchange this dress.
 You can exchange it with anything of the same price.
 Are there any sales today?
 We're having a big sale next weekend, but nothing today.
 What's going to be on sale?
 Dresses, skirts, blouses, pantsuits…everything will be on sale.
 That sounds great. I'll come back next weekend.
 Okay. Don't forget to bring your credit card.
This dress doesn't fit correctly.
 No problem. Shop around until you find something you like.
 What's on sale today?
 If you can wait until next weekend, you can save some money.
 Do you know what's going to be on sale?
 You'll be happy to know that everything in the store will be on sale.
 I won't miss that. I'll wait until next weekend.
 Great. Bring lots of cash so you can buy lots of things.
I don't want to keep this dress.
 Just leave the dress with me while you find one that you like.
 Do you have anything on sale today?
 Next weekend is our next sale date.
 Do you have any idea what's going to be on sale?
 Everything except the cash registers will be on sale.
 That sounds good. I'll see you next weekend.
 Okay. See you then.
I've brought this dress back to exchange it.
 That's not a problem. Leave it with me, and find something that you like.
 I was hoping you'd have something on sale today.
 We have nothing on sale today. But we're having a big sale next weekend.
 Is the sale going to include dresses?
 Everything you can see will be on sale.
 I like the sound of that. I'll just come back next weekend.
 The savings will be worth the short wait. See you next weekend.
I'm glad these batteries are on sale.
 I'm sorry. These batteries are not on sale.
 But that's what the ad says.
 I'm sorry. If you look at the ad again, you'll see that the other brand is on sale.
 You're right. I misread the ad.
 Yes, many people make that mistake.
 You can't blame them. It's a confusing ad.
 You're right. Many ads are like that.
 As long as I'm here.
 Just one second, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.
It's about time these batteries went on sale.
 I'm sorry. These aren't on sale today.
 You're kidding me. The ad says they're on sale.
 Yes, the other brand of batteries is on sale.
 I see. I've got the wrong brand.
 Yes, it's an easy mistake to make.
 The ad is written in a misleading way.
 I agree. It seems like all ads are meant to confuse you.
 It's not the first or last time.
 Hold on, and I'll get you the batteries that are on sale.
You don't often find these batteries on sale.
 I'm not sure that these batteries are on sale today.
 But the ad says they're on sale.
 Yes, batteries are on sale, but not this brand.
 What do you know? I picked up the wrong brand.
 Yes, several customers have made that mistake today.
 Like many ads, it's deliberately confusing.
 I couldn't agree more. They write ads just to get you into the store.
 I should know better by now.
 If you can wait one minute, I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale.
This is the first time I've seen these batteries on sale.
 I'm sorry, but they aren't on sale today.
 Look at the ad. The ad says they're on sale.
 Yes, the ad says that the other brand of batteries is on sale.
 Yes, I misread the ad.
 Believe me, you're not the first person to make that mistake today.
 No wonder people make a mistake. The price is in big letters, and the brand is in tiny letters.
 You're right. You have to read an ad two or three times sometimes.
 You have to be careful with every ad you read.
 It's okay. I'll go get you the batteries that are on sale.
These batteries should be on sale more often.
 I don't think these batteries are on sale.
 Look at the ad. It says they're on sale.
 You're right. Batteries are on sale, but not this brand of batteries.
 I didn't pay attention to the brand name.
 Several people have misread that ad already today.
 People make the mistake because the ad is misleading.
 I agree with you. Ads can be very tricky.
 I don't know when I'll ever learn.
 No problem. I'll bring you the batteries that are on sale. I'll be right back.
Excuse me, but is this dress on sale?
 The dress was on sale yesterday.
 Are you sure? I'd be happy to pay the sale price today.
 I'm so sorry, but rules are rules.
 I'll just check out a few other stores.
 I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
Pardon me. Is this dress on sale?
 Actually, the sale ended yesterday.
 You know, it's only one day later. How about giving me the sale price?
 I'm sorry, but I can't change the price that's in the computer.
 Let me think about it. Maybe I'll wait until the next sale.
 Take a look around. Maybe you'll see something else you like.
Is this dress on sale?
 It was on sale—yesterday.
 Still, couldn't you sell it to me today at the sale price?
 I'm sorry, but I'd lose my job if I sold it to you at yesterday's sale price.
 I had my heart set on buying this dress.
 Well, feel free to browse. We have other items on sale today.
Am I right in thinking that this dress is on sale?
 I'm sorry. You're one day too late for the sale.
 Couldn't you still sell it today at the sale price?
 I'm sorry. One day can make a big difference sometimes.
 No problem. Other stores are having sales. I'll check them out.
 Before you go, let me show you some other dresses that are on sale.
Am I mistaken, or is this dress on sale?
 I'm very sorry. The sale ended yesterday.
 I really like this dress, but I want to pay the sale price.
 If you like, I can put you on our mailing list for the next sale.
 That's okay. Some days you win, some days you lose.
 Let me ask my manager when he thinks this dress will be on sale again.
I am looking for a pan.
 No problem. What size would you like?
 A big one would be nice.
 How about this one? It's our biggest—16" in diameter.
 I like that one, but it's too heavy.
 Okay, try this one. It's made of aluminum.
 This is much better. But it has an aluminum handle.
 Here you go. Same pan, but with a state-of-the-art, heat-resistant plastic handle.
 That's perfect. I'll take it.
 Great. Will that be cash or charge?
 Wait a minute. What about a lid for the pan?
 I'm sorry. I forgot to show you the lid. It comes with the pan.
I need a pan.
 Okay. Do you have a particular size in mind?
 The bigger the better, I think.
 Look at this one. It's our biggest pan.
 That is big enough, but it's too heavy for me.
 Okay, we have the same thing in aluminum.
 This is nice and light. But it has an aluminum handle.
 Try this one. Same aluminum pan, but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle.
 This is very nice. I'll take this one.
 That's a good choice. How do you want to pay for it?
 Cash. Oh, I almost forgot. I need a lid, too.
 I'm so sorry. A lid comes with the pan. Here it is.
I'd like to purchase a pan.
 Is there any particular size that you want?
 I cook a lot of big meals.
 What do you think of this one? It's a 16" pan.
 That's the right size, but it's so heavy.
 Well, look at our aluminum pan. It's much lighter.
 Yes, this is very light, but the handle is also aluminum.
 No problem. Look at this one. Same pan, but with a lightweight wooden handle.
 Great. This is exactly what I was looking for. I'll buy it.
 I think you'll love this pan. Do you want to pay with cash?
 Yes. Oh, wait a second, please. What about a lid?
 I'm sorry. I forgot to show it to you. Here it is. It comes with the pan.
Can you help me find a pan?
 Are you looking for a small, medium, or large pan?
 I want a big pan.
 Does this one look big enough?
 It's the right size, but it weighs too much.
 Well, what do you think of the aluminum pan?
 It's light enough, but the handle will get too hot after cooking.
 Here's the same pan, but it has a space-age, heat-resistant plastic handle.
 My family's going to love this one. I'll take it.
 I'm so happy that you found what you wanted. Do you want to use a credit card?
 Sure. Wait, wait. Does a lid come with this pan?
 Oh, I'm sorry. Here's the lid. Yes, it comes with the pan.
I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen.
 What size pan were you thinking of?
 I've already got a small pan. I need a big one.
 Well, this one might work for you.
 No, that's way too heavy a pan for me.
 Here, lift this aluminum pan. It's the same size.
 Yes, it's very lightweight. But I don't want this aluminum handle.
 Here's a similar aluminum pan. But it has a heat-resistant handle.
 This feels very nice. It's perfect. I'll take it.
 I knew we'd find the right pan sooner or later. How would you like to pay?
 Cash. But first, I need a lid for this pan.
 Oh, no problem. Here's the lid that comes with the pan.
I want to find an old music box.
 We have a great selection. What decade are you looking for?
 Do you have anything made in the 1920s?
 We have six.
 Do any of them have dancing figures?
 Actually, two of them have dancing figures.
 That's fantastic. I think I like this one.
 A good choice. I prefer that one myself.
 Is there any warranty with this?
 Oh, no, I'm afraid not. These things are just too old to guarantee anything.
 I understand.
 Even if they break down, they're still works of art.
Excuse me. I'm looking for an old music box.
 Any particular decade?
 Something made in the 20s would be nice.
 We had seven, but we sold one this morning.
 Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes?
 You're in luck. Two of them have dancing figures.
 These are great. I think I'll take this one.
 Yes, that one is very nice.
 Does this come with a warranty?
 I'm sorry, but you just have to take your chances.
 That doesn't surprise me.
 Even if it doesn't work, it's a beautiful collectible.
Pardon me. I need an old music box.
 Exactly how old a box do you want?
 Actually, I was thinking about something from the 1920s.
 We still have six left.
 Do any of the boxes have dancing figures?
 Dancing figures are quite popular. Two of the boxes have them.
 I love the dancing figures. I'll take this music box.
 Yes, I think you'll be very satisfied with that one.
 I was wondering, does this come with any kind of warranty?
 No. But if something goes wrong with it, I know someone who repairs these things.
 I was just hoping.
 It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do.
I want to purchase an old music box.
 We have a good variety. What decade would you like?
 I was hoping I could find something made in the 20s.
 There are six on this table.
 I hope at least one of them has dancing figures.
 Many people like the dancing figures. Two of our boxes have the figures.
 It's so hard to choose. I think I'll take this one.
 That one will bring you many hours of pleasure.
 Does a warranty come with this music box?
 I'm sorry, but if it breaks down, you're on your own.
 I just thought I would ask.
 When you buy a Model T, you can't expect a warranty.
I'm searching for an old music box.
 You came to the right place. Any particular decade?
 If you had a box made in the 20s, that would be nice.
 We just got one in yesterday, so now we have six.
 Would any of them have dancing figures?
 Yes, we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures.
 They're both so beautiful. Let me have this one, I think.
 That one truly is a beautiful piece of work, isn't it?
 One last question: Do you provide a warranty with the box?
 Oh, no. Everything we sell here is ‘as is.'
 I guess I was asking for too much.
 If it breaks down, maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet.
I need some flowers for my wife. It's her birthday.
 Very well. We have some fresh red roses.
 How much are the roses?
 $20 per dozen.
 That sounds like a good deal.
 Yes, they're on sale today.
 I'll take a dozen.
 Splendid. Will there be anything else?
 No, the roses will be fine.
 I'm sure your wife will love them.
My wife's birthday is today. I need some flowers.
 We have lots of fresh red roses.
 How much do the roses cost?
 $20 a dozen.
 That sounds good. Last year I paid $30.
 Yes, you came here on the right day. They're on sale today.
 Give me a dozen.
 Very good. Would you like anything else?
 No, I'll just give her the roses and a card.
 She should be very pleased with these roses.
I need to buy some flowers for my wife.
 Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses.
 What would the roses cost me?
 They're only $20 a dozen.
 I like the sound of that.
 Yes, that is today's sale price.
 A dozen will be fine.
 Is there anything else you'd like to get?
 No, thank you.
 These roses should make your wife very happy.
I want to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday.
 Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays.
 What are the roses going for?
 They're only $20 a dozen.
 That sounds nice and cheap.
 Yes, you're saving money because they're on sale today.
 Give me the roses.
 Could I interest you in anything else?
 No, but thanks anyway.
 Your wife will be thrilled with the roses.
It's my wife's birthday. I need to buy some flowers for her.
 Most women love red roses for their birthday.
 How much will the roses be?
 You can get a dozen for only $20.
 Now, that's a price that I like.
 You're in luck today because the roses are on sale.
 I'll take the roses.
 Very good. Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses?
 No, the roses are good enough.
 Women love roses, so your wife will be very happy.
Do you know where I can find old music boxes?
 You could try shopping at a flea market.
 What's that? I never heard of such a thing.
 A flea market is an outdoor place where people sell all kinds of used stuff.
 Where can I find one?
 Well, you can check the local paper or search ‘flea market' online.
Where can I find old music boxes?
 Have you tried a flea market?
 What's a flea market?
 A flea market is like an outdoor thrift shop.
 That sounds promising. Is there one nearby?
 Flea markets occur weekly or monthly in various neighborhoods. Check online or in a local paper.
Do you know where they sell old music boxes?
 How about a flea market?
 A flea market? What's that?
 A flea market is a big outdoor place where you can buy all sorts of second-hand things.
 I like the sound of that. Tell me where one is.
 I myself don't know of any, but maybe they're listed in the Yellow Pages.
Do you have any idea where I can buy old music boxes?
 You can find almost anything at a flea market.
 What in the world is a flea market?
 A flea market sells all kinds of used things, some that you've never even heard of.
 Great. Is there one near here?
 Actually, our local community college has one on the first Sunday of each month.
I'm looking for old music boxes, but I can't find any.
 If you go to a flea market, you can find all kinds of things.
 I don't want a music box that's full of fleas!
 Ha! A flea market is a popular outdoor place for selling used things. There are no fleas.
 That sounds like a good idea. Where is the nearest one?
 Actually, there's a huge flea market at the stadium on the second Sunday of each month.
I would like to buy some business cards.
 Excellent. How many would you like?
 Two thousand would be fine.
 You need to fill out this form, please.
 All I want is the same thing on this card.
 That will be no problem, sir.
 I'm finished. Here's your form and my old card.
 Very good, sir. Your order will be ready in one week.
 Do you think you could finish it in three days?
 No problem, sir. But it will cost you extra.
I need to purchase some business cards.
 No problem. How many are you thinking about?
 I think 2,000 would be fine.
 If you'll just fill out this form, please.
 I want the new cards to be exactly like this card.
 We can do that very easily.
 I'm done. Here's the form and my old card.
 Great. Your order will take only one week.
 You know, I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days.
 We can do that. It'll just cost you extra.
I need to get some business cards printed up.
 Do you know how many you need?
 I think I can get by with 2,000.
 We can get started as soon as you fill out this form.
 I hope you can make the new cards just like my old cards.
 You won't be able to tell the difference with a magnifying glass.
 I'm through. Here's the form and my old card.
 Very good. You can pick up your order in one week.
 Now that I think of it, three days is better than seven.
 We can do that, but you'll have to pay a little extra.
I need to order new business cards.
 Do you have any idea how many you'd like?
 I think 2,000 would be enough.
 Would you fill out this form, please?
 I don't want to make any changes to my old card.
 If you detect any difference, I'll take you out to dinner.
 That's it. Here's the form, and here's my old card to use as a model.
 Thank you. Your order will be ready seven days from now.
 I need it sooner. Let me have it in three days, okay?
 We can certainly give you faster turnaround, but it will cost you extra.
I'm about to run out of business cards. I need some new ones.
 We can print as many as you like. Just tell me how many.
 Two thousand should get me through the year.
 Here's a form to get you started.
 My old card is perfect, so all I want you to do is copy it exactly.
 I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card.
 Here you go, your form and my old business card.
 Thanks. Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order, please.
 I'm sorry, but can you give me a three-day turnaround?
 If you don't mind paying a little extra, it's absolutely no problem.
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale.
 Well, we just got in some mangoes.
 Mangoes. What are they?
 Well, it's a fruit with a big nut in it.
 Can you eat the nut?
 No, you peel off the skin and throw out the nut.
 How much are they?
 Well, the sale price is $1 each.
 What does a mango taste like?
 They're like a citrus fruit.
 How do I know if it's ripe?
 You can buy them hard. Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel.
 Where do they come from?
 Most of them in this store are from Mexico.
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale?
 Well, we've got some great mangoes on sale.
 Mangoes? What are mangoes?
 Well, it's a fruit with a big seed in it.
 Can you eat the seed?
 No. Peel the skin with a sharp knife, and throw out the seed.
 How much are they?
 Well, they're on sale today for only $1 each.
 Can you describe their taste?
 They usually taste sweet, but they remind me of an orange.
 How can I tell if they're ripe?
 You can buy them either ripe or unripe. Unripe ones are hard.
 Where do they grow mangoes?
 The ones that are on sale are from Central America.
 Where is some fresh produce that's on sale?
 Well, I think you'll like the mangoes.
 I've never had a mango.
 It's a fruit. It has a big stone in it.
 Can you eat the stone?
 No. You would break all your teeth on it.
 How much are these mangoes?
 The sale price today is $1 each.
 Can you describe their taste?
 They usually taste sweet, but they remind me of an orange.
 How can I tell if they're ripe?
 Don't cut into them until you can feel that they're soft on the outside.
 What country produces them?
 They come from tropical countries.
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce?
 The mangoes are on sale today.
 What exactly are mangoes?
 They have yellowish red skin. It's a fruit with one big seed.
 Is the seed edible?
 Maybe if you were a parrot. I wouldn't recommend it.
 How much does a mango cost?
 Normally, they're $2 each. Today, they're only $1 each.
 Maybe I won't like the taste.
 It's hard to describe. They're sweet, but also sort of citrusy.
 How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one?
 They're similar to an avocado. When the outside feels soft, they're ripe.
 Where do most of them come from?
 These are from Mexico.
I'm looking for some good deals on produce.
 You might want to try the mangoes.
 Can you describe a mango to me?
 It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit. It has a big seed in it.
 Do I eat the seed?
 Maybe some animals eat the seed, but humans don't. You'd have to soak it for 10 years.
 What's the price of these mangoes?
 Today you get a 50-percent discount. They're only $1 each.
 Tell me what they taste like.
 Their flesh is soft and juicy. It has a citrus taste. It's sweet.
 Do I need to buy them ripe, or will they ripen at home?
 Just press into it gently with your thumb. If it feels soft, it's ready to eat.
 Where do mangoes come from?
 These are from Guatemala, but we're going to start getting mangoes from India.
Can you tell me where the produce is?
 It's in aisle A.
 Do you know what produce is on sale?
 I don't know. Check the flyer or check with the produce person.
Where is the produce?
 It's on the south wall of the store, in aisle A.
 Is there any produce on sale?
 I don't know. The produce person can tell you, though.
Which aisle has the produce?
 Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce.
 Are cherries on sale today?
 I don't know, but I'm sure the produce person can tell you.
I'm looking for the produce section, please.
 All of the produce is in aisle A.
 Are bananas on sale today?
 Here you go. Look in this flyer, or check with the produce person.
What are you calling about today?
 I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow.
 Is there a problem?
 I would like to reschedule.
 That shouldn't be a problem.
 Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow?
 So, you want it delivered the day after tomorrow?
 Yes, will that be possible?
 What time would you like us to deliver it?
 Is 2:30 okay?
 Your delivery has been confirmed.
 Thank you, and I'm sorry for the change of plans.
How may I help you?
 I was going to have a mattress delivered to my house.
 What's the problem?
 I need to have it delivered another day.
 That won't be a problem.
 I need to have it delivered two days from today.
 You want it delivered in two days?
 Is that okay?
 What time do you want it delivered?
 I would like it delivered at 2:30.
 I have changed your delivery to that day and time.
 Thank you for your help.
What can I do for you?
 I was supposed to have my mattress delivered tomorrow.
 Is something wrong?
 I need to reschedule the delivery.
 I can help you with that.
 I won't be home tomorrow, so I need it done the next day.
 In two days?
 Yes, that's when I need it done.
 At what time?
 I need it at about 2:30.
 Alright, you're all set with your delivery.
 That's great! I appreciate your help.
Can I help you find something?
 I would like to buy a new fridge.
 Is there one in particular that you like?
 I was looking at this Kenmore refrigerator.
 Ah yes, that is a great refrigerator.
 What's so great about it?
 It's both affordable and it comes with all the appliances.
 What appliances?
 It comes with an ice maker, water dispenser, and there is a lot of room inside.
 May I see the inside for myself?
 Be my guest.
 Wow! You're right! This refrigerator is great. I'll take it.
Do you need help with something?
 I need help finding a new refrigerator.
 Do you see anything that you like?
 That Kenmore looks nice.
 That is a wonderful choice.
 What makes is so great?
 It's very inexpensive, and it has all the appliances.
 What appliances are you talking about?
 The fridge and freezer is very spacious, and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser.
 May I take a look inside?
 Take a look inside.
 It's very nice. I'd like to purchase this refrigerator.
What can I do for you today?
 I need to buy a new refrigerator today.
 Were you looking at a particular refrigerator?
 I like that Kenmore refrigerator.
 This particular refrigerator is a very good choice.
 Tell me about it.
 Not only is it affordable, but it comes with all the appliances.
 What are the appliances.
 It has an ice maker, water dispenser, and plenty of room on the inside.
 I'd like to see it for myself.
 Go right ahead.
 I like what I see.
I need to find a new furniture set for my living room.
 Where are you going to find one?
 I have no idea.
 Do you want to know where I bought mine?
 Where did you get it from?
 I got it from IKEA.
 How much did it cost you?
 It cost me a couple thousand for the whole set.
 Is the furniture sturdy?
 The furniture is built extremely well.
 I don't mind paying a lot as long as the quality is good.
 Well, trust me. The quality is fantastic.
I'm going to buy a new living room set.
 Where are you going to buy one?
 I'm really not sure.
 You like my living room set, don't you?
 Where did you buy it?
 I found mine at IKEA.
 Are they expensive?
 Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand.
 Is the furniture crafted well?
 The furniture isn't built cheap.
 I'll pay the money, as long as I'm getting what I pay for.
 You will feel comfortable paying the money.
I have to find a living room set.
 Where are you planning on looking for one?
 I don't know.
 I can tell you where I got mine.
 Where did you go to find yours?
 IKEA has beautiful furniture.
 Does the furniture from IKEA cost a lot?
 The furniture cost a couple thousand dollars.
 How good of quality is the furniture?
 It's very sturdy. You get what you pay for.
 I don't mind paying for quality workmanship.
 I assure you that you're paying for quality.
I'm planning on going to the market soon.
 What are you buying?
 I don't know what we need.
 I can check for you, if you'd like.
 I'll make a list.
 First, we need eggs, milk, and bread.
 Do we need any meat?
 How about some chicken, ground beef, and some steak.
 What else do we need?
 Get some snack foods.
 Is there anything else that we need?
 No, but if you can think of anything else, just get it.
I need to go to the market.
 Do you know what to get?
 I'm not sure what to get.
 I'll go check for you.
 Tell me what we need and I'll write a list.
 We need the basics. Like, eggs, milk, and bread.
 What kind of meat do we need?
 You should buy some steak, some chicken, and ground beef.
 Do we need anything else?
 Why don't you get some snacks?
 Can you think of anything else?
 Get whatever else that you need.
I'm going to the market in a little bit.
 What are you going to get?
 Do you know what we need to get?
 Would you like me to check?
 Alright, and I'll write everything down.
 You need to buy bread, eggs, and milk.
 Should I get some meat?
 Yes. Get some chicken, ground beef, and steak.
 What else?
 We can also use some snacks.
 You can't think of anything else?
 You can get whatever else you want.
What can I help you with today?
 My washing machine isn't working.
 What's the problem?
 The water will not drain.
 Is there anything else wrong with it?
 No, that's it.
 I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like.
 When will you be able to fix it?
 How does this afternoon at 2:30 sound to you?
 That would be perfect.
 Alright, so I'll see you then?
 See you then.
How may I help you?
 Something is wrong with my washing machine.
 Tell me the problem.
 For some reason, the water won't drain.
 That's the only problem with it?
 That's the only problem.
 Would you like me to come fix it for you?
 Yes. When can you come fix it?
 I can be there by 2:30 today.
 That would be great.
 I'll see you at 2:30.
 See you later. Thanks a lot.
Did you need help with something?
 I'm having a problem with my washing machine.
 What is wrong with it?
 The water isn't draining from it.
 Is that the only problem?
 Everything else is working fine.
 I'm available if you'd like me to come fix it.
 When exactly are you free?
 I can come at about 2:30, this afternoon.
 Sounds good to me.
 I'll see you this afternoon.
 Yes. Thank you.
What are you working on?
 I'm figuring out my budget.
 What budget?
 I'm making a shopping budget, so that I don't spend too much money.
 How much money can you spend?
 I can only spend $300 a month.
 Why only $300?
 I need to save the rest.
 For what?
 I need to pay my bills.
 Your budget is a good idea.
 I know. It's going to save me a lot of money, I hope.
What are you trying to do?
 I'm working on a budget.
 What kind of budget?
 I need to budget my shopping so that I don't spend all my money.
 What's your budget?
 I can spend about $300 per month.
 Why so little?
 The rest of my money needs to be saved.
 What do you need to save up for?
 I still need to pay my bills.
 You're wise for saving your money.
 I think it's just common sense.
What are you doing?
 I'm trying to figure out my budget.
 What do you need a budget for?
 I need to put a limit on my spending.
 What's your spending limit?
 I'm only allowed to spend $300 each month.
 That's not much.
 Because, I need to save the rest of my money.
 What are you saving for?
 I have bills to pay for too.
 It's good that you are being smart with your money.
 It's about time that I started being smart.
How may I help you?
 I would like to return an item.
 What are you returning?
 I want to return this cellphone.
 Is there a problem?
 It's broken.
 What exactly is wrong with it?
 The phone turns off by itself.
 That's fine, but do you have your receipt with you?
 Yes, here it is.
 I'll refund your money right now.
 Thank you so much.
How can I help you today?
 I am returning something that I bought yesterday.
 What would you like to return?
 I'm returning a cellphone.
 Was there something wrong with it?
 It's defective.
 What isn't working on it?
 It keeps turning off on its own.
 Alright, do you have the receipt?
 I have it right here.
 I'm going to take care of this and refund your money.
 Thanks for your help.
What can I do for you?
 I need to return something.
 What do you need to return?
 I need to return this cellphone that I just bought.
 What is wrong with it?
 It isn't working properly.
 What is the problem with it?
 For some reason the phone cuts off by itself.
 I see, and do you have your receipt?
 Here you go.
 I'll take care of this right now.
 I appreciate your help.
I have a problem.
 What's the problem?
 My mattress was supposed to be delivered today.
 Is there a problem?
 The delivery people showed up four hours late.
 I apologize for their tardiness.
 I was late for work because of them.
 Again, I do apologize for the inconvenience.
 I want my money back for the delivery.
 Seeing as they were late, that won't be a problem.
 It shouldn't be a problem.
 I'm going to refund your money right now.
I'm having a problem.
 What can I help you with?
 I was supposed to have my mattress delivered today.
 Was there a problem with the delivery?
 The delivery people were four hours late.
 I do apologize.
 Since I had to wait for them, I was late for work.
 I am really sorry about that.
 I need my money back.
 I can do that for you. That won't be a problem.
 I know it shouldn't be a problem.
 I'm getting your money right now.
I have an issue.
 What is it?
 I had scheduled a delivery for today.
 So, what is the problem?
 The delivery was four hours late.
 I'm so sorry for them being late.
 I was late for work, because I had to wait up for them.
 I do apologize.
 I would like to be refunded my money for the delivery.
 You will be refunded for the delivery. It'll be no problem.
 I shouldn't have to pay for such horrible service.
 I'll refund you your money right away.
I am really interested in buying this television.
 That's great!
 How much are you selling it for?
 This t.v is $2500.
 You can't be serious.
 That's how much this t.v costs.
 That's too expensive for me.
 This television is of very high quality.
 You can't go down on the price.
 By how much?
 I'll buy it for $2000.
 I'm sorry, but the price is final.
I would love to buy this TV.
 Fantastic!
 What's the price for it?
 This television is on sale for $2500.
 Seriously?
 That's the price.
 That's way too much money.
 That is actually very enexpensive for this television. 
 Could you lower the price some?
 How much are you talking?
 $2000 is as high as I'll go.
 I'm very sorry, but $2500 is the final price.
 I want to purchase this television.
 I'm glad to hear that.
 How much does it cost?
 I'm selling it for $2500.
 That can't be right.
 That's the going price for that particular TV.
 I can't afford that.
 This is a very high quality television.
 I would buy it if the price was lowered.
 How much lower?
 How about you sell it to me for $2000?
 $2500 is a low as I'll go.
I want to go try on these clothes.
 What did you find?
 I found some jeans, and a new blouse.
 Go and try it on.
 What do you think?
 I love that shirt on you.
 What about the jeans?
 They don't really fit you right.
 I don't think so either.
 That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you.
 I'll just buy the shirt.
 That would be a good idea.
I need to try these clothes on.
 What are you going to try on?
 I just found some jeans and a top.
 Try it on.
 How do I look in this?
B That shirt looks great.
 How do these jeans look?
 They don't look nice on you.
 I don't like them either.
 I just like that shirt.
 I'm just going to buy the shirt.
 Good, because those pants are ugly.
I'm going to go try these on in the dressing room.
 What clothes did you find?
 I'm just trying on a pair of jeans and a shirt.
 Go try them on.
 Alright, how do I look?
 You look great in that shirt.
 What do you think of these jeans?
 I don't like how those look.
 I really don't think they look good.
 That shirt looks great though.
 I guess I'm just going to buy the shirt.
 That would be wise.
What are you doing here?
 I'm just shopping.
 What are you shopping for?
 Some new clothes. How about you? 
 Same here.
 Have you found anything nice yet?
 I found a few pairs of pants.
 Where'd you get those?
 I found them at JCPennies.
 Those are really cute.
 Do you want me to show you where I found them?
 I would like that. Thank you. 