I burst out with laughter when I read this in quora. Most funniest way of proposing a girl! And here it is.
You are a chemistry teacher ?
Have u ever tried 'Carbon' dating ?
Ha ha ha ... I didn't get an eligible and deserving 'carbon' yet.
That's great .
I am unique 'Carbon' atom.
I also yet to do carbon dating.
Basically I am looking for someone who can complete my valence shell . 
I am tetravalent, therefore I make strong covalent bonds (loyal)
I also believe in sharing of electrons (life)
And I can take various allotropic forms.
ohhh.... In that case.
I am already an allotrope majorly Fullerene (committed since 3 years)
And you may also take it like a compound by noble gases (a rare phenomenon but a stable one )
I wish you get another allotrope (a diamond ) to complete your life
I cannot form strong ionic and covalent bonds of love and liking with u but yet we can be Vander Waal's attraction of friendship 
I just asked my boyfriend if I ever did anything creepy
"Do you remember that one time we had some fight and I went to living room to calm down and you stayed in bedroom on your computer?.
Then ten minutes later when I came back to you so we can talk and found you watching youtube video about "top 10 unsolved murder mysteries?"
"Yeah I remember.." 
"I was scared to go sleep that night...."
"You should have.."
You look better than you do in your pics.
Thanks!
How about me? Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
Well that one black and white pic of you is probably really tough to beat.
Oh.
Boyfriend is cooking
I'm walking around the kitchen.
"Life is so impossible to predict" I say, "with its twists and turns and surprises.
What do you think are the chances that we will actually grow old together?"
"Dushka" Boyfriend says, "we're already old."
A married man was visiting his “girlfriend” when she requested that he shave his beard.
“Oh James, I like your beard, but I would really love to see your handsome face.”
James replied, “My wife loves this beard, I couldn’t possibly do it, she would kill me!!”
“Oh please?” the girlfriend asked again, in a sexy little voice…
“Oh really, I can’t,” he replied. “My wife loves this beard!!”
The girlfriend asked once more, and he sighed and finally gave in and shaved his face smooth.
That night James crawled into bed with his wife while she was sleeping.
The wife was awakened somewhat, felt his face and replied, “Oh Michael, you shouldn’t be here, my husband will be home soon!”
You are from IIT?
Yes
My Mom Loves IITians.
I am from Kharagpur.
My mother is Bangali, She loves IIT Kharagpur guys.
If someday your parents throw you out. She will be more than happy to adopt you
Underneath this bowl on the table there is piece of sweet which you have to eat without touching the bowl and u will be selected.
I am sorry sir but with due respect there is nothing underneath the bowl except air because i saw you when you were planning for the activity 
there is a piece of sweet under the bowl and if i am saying so why aren't you believing.
because i know so
what is this then??
done sir and thank you for helping me!!
Sir tell me one thing, is this a US company?
Yes, How did you know?
You are working in night shifts, so I guessed.
Okay.
So, how was your day today?
How many trips you have had so far?
I have had 7 so far.
When I drop you it will be 8.
8*450 = 3600 rs for one day? That's awesome!
Yes sir, If I work hard I can earn close to 50,000 rs in a month.
Woah! That's more than what I earn!
Do I look better in my pics or in real life.
“My wife loves this beard!!”
I am a guy who likes Justin Bieber and his songs... I dont why you guys hate him so much …
 you'll hate yourself for this as your taste matures smile emoticon
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. 
If you're looking for acceptance, I can tell you won't have it... but what I do have are a very particular lack of skills.
But I'm willing to make an exception for you. If you let this go now, that will be the end of it - I will not look for you, I will not pursue you... but if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you... and I will make you listen to be Bieber until you stab yourself.
Did you call Ben last night?
Yes. I tried to get a hold of him last night, but it was so difficult to get through.
That's strange. Maybe he was on the Net.
That's probably it! No wonder the line was busy all the time! Maybe he ought to get another line.
Or he should get call-waiting.
Hell with college.We are not kids to stay upto 4.30pm.
I think we are not in the kindergarten.
Even in schools they leave at 4 pm.
Every day till 4.30pm and even on saturday!!We can't sit in a class for that long time.
Do you expect us to sit?Are we so called SNISTians in a Engg college or a Hell campuses like Narayana & SriChaitanay?For Our sake please change the Time Table!!!!!!
 Work in the corporate for 2 months. 
You wouldn't mind staying in the college till 7, or even more.
And you should not be a kid to complain and cry about it...!!
 lol...ur confession in vain ! no one’s gonna care whether you sit in da class or not, time table matters
We r event not having time for any physical activity..which leads to sickness afterwards.
See the life of us 4th year people. U would surely get a sigh of relief.
Now write the same thing to Director
There should be a open gate system and every engg.
 student should be treated as gentleman and the working hours be flexible.
 I think this would be sufficient because its sufficient in IIT's and BITS campuses.!
Being autonomous does not give right to screw students freedom!
Who's forcing you to stay till 4:30.... Dude rules are there to be broken !!! itz like u don't bunk at all
Write an article in a newspaper.. these clg administrators will look at it atleast.. 
u know wat the prob is ur seniors who over used the freedom making it tough for u ppl fall this schedule.. and there is no guarantee tht u ppl will not misuse it…
Why didn't you call me yesterday?
 I tried to get a hold of you, but I couldn't get through.
What time did you call?
I tried all morning!
Then I can't understand why you couldn't get through..
I kept getting a busy signal.
Hmmm…
 Is your phone out of order?
What do you mean?
I tried calling you all night, but I wasn't able to get through.
Oh, I was on the phone all night. Sorry about that.
Well, you might wanna add call-waiting to your phone service if you're always on the phone.
I guess so.
What's wrong with your phone, Dale? I tried to call you all night last night.
 I'm sorry. No one was able to get through yesterday. My telephone was disconnected by the phone company.
 What happened? Didn't you pay the bill?
Well...er...I forgot.
I can hardly hear you, Nick!
Oh, we seem to have a bad connection on this phone.
Could you speak up, please?
I'm talking as loud as I can.
I'm going to hang up and call again.
All right!
was depressed and miserable for not getting admissions in better colleges and being the only one among my Inter classmates to join a state level college.
I never appreciated the college much. I always thought that this not the place for me and tried to induce my misery all around.
Unnecessarily troubled the lecturers, never listened to them,made fun of them,ignored them completely and what not.
I was always told that this kind of attitude will get me nowhere.But I  didnt care, always took those comments as a challenge.
In fact I did do well enough to shove it in their face, never had a single backlog through out with a distinction, got placed in an MNC,got an admission from a graduate school and a ticket to US.
But in retrospect , I regret for having behaved the way I did in my B.Tech.Even though as it may appear that I may have proved people wrong, the journey towards success begins now i.e after graduation and nothing else.
So, you never know.
Something bad may really happen eventually.
Always respect lecturers and their opinions in order to have a sound sleep for the rest of your life after B.Tech.
You are always responsible for the outcome of your actions
 Nobody goes to the US with the idea of coming back..atleast majority don't..
The first comment made my day....
Why are you late, Frank?
 Because of the sign.
What sign?
The one that says “School Ahead, Go Slow”.
what is the chemical formula for water?
H I J K L M N O.
 What are you talking about?
Yesterday you said it’s H to O.
All right … I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.
Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?
No sir, I don’t have to, my mom is a good cook.
George Washington not only chopped down his father’s cherry tree, but also admitted it.
Now, Louie, do you know why his father didn’t punish him?
Because George still had the axe in his hand.
Clyde, your composition on “My Dog” is exactly the same as your brother’s. Did you copy his?
No sir, it’s the same dog.
Doctor, I feel like a pack of cards.
I’ll deal with you later.
Everyone keeps ignoring me.
Next please!
Mrs. Jokes next door has a new baby.
What will she do with her old one?
You prayed for grandma, grandpa, and Aunt Sue.
Why didn’t you pray for Uncle John too?
I didn’t want to ask for too much.
I’d like a day without punishing you.
You have my full permission!
I was shipwrecked, and lived on a can of sardines for a week.
My, weren’t you afraid that you’d fall off?
Could I get in trouble if I didn’t do something?
Well, I don’t suppose so.
In that case, I didn’t do my homework.
I'm miss having friends that would just sit with me and be bored with each other. 
There are lots of days where I would just rather hang out with 1 or 2 people and be "lame"…watch movies, share you tubes videos, and all that stuff. 
But everyone I hang out with likes being in a big group whenever they do things and always have to be entertained. 
It's too much for me but sometimes I feel like it's too late to make any other friends since everyone else already found their friends groups..
I hear the word 'GANG' a lot from sub juniors .... My dear friends ur just limiting your space.
I too feel same... 
Hello, may I speak to Mr. Brown?
He just left.
When do you expect him back?
I'm sorry, but he's gone for the day. Would you care to leave a message?
Could you tell him that John Smith called and have him call me back tomorrow?
Sure.
May I have your phone number?
I think he has my number.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. I'll tell him you called.
Hello, May I speak to Mr. John Smith?
I'm sorry.  He's out to lunch.  
Would you like to leave a message?
What time do you expect him back?
He should be back in half an hour.
Thank you!  I'll try back later.
May I have your date of birth and your social security number, please?
Sure!  My date of birth is June 11, 1980.  
My Social Security Number is 554-66-9980.
Thank you very much!  
The earliest day for connection is this Friday. 
Is that OK?
That's fine!
Thanks!
Thank you very much, Mr. Kobluk.  Have a nice day!
How do you want the beef? 
Rare, medium, or well-done?
Well-done.  And easy on the salt, please.
Anything to drink?
Do you have coffee or tea? 
I'd like decaf.
Yes, we have both. 
Which one would you like, coffee or tea?
Iced tea, please.  And easy on the ice.